312-50v10:
Certified Ethical Hacker Exam (C|EH v10)

Version:
V12.0

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Topic 1, Exam Pool A
1. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following Secure Hashing Algorithm (SHA) produces a 160-bit digest from a message with a
maximum length of (264-1) bits and resembles the MD5 algorithm?
A. SHA-2
B. SHA-3
C. SHA-1
D. SHA-0
Answer: C

2. - (Exam Topic 1)
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) contains six different categories of control
objectives. Each objective contains one or more requirements, which must be followed in order to achieve
compliance. Which of the following requirements would best fit under the objective, "Implement strong
access control measures"?
A. Regularly test security systems and processes.
B. Encrypt transmission of cardholder data across open, public networks.
C. Assign a unique ID to each person with computer access.
D. Use and regularly update anti-virus software on all systems commonly affected by malware.
Answer: C

3. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which Nmap option would you use if you were not concerned about being detected and wanted to perform
a very fast scan?
A. –T0
B. –T5
C. -O
D. -A
Answer: B
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

4. - (Exam Topic 1)
A hacker is an intelligent individual with excellent computer skills and the ability to explore a computer's
software and hardware without the owner’s permission. Their intention can either be to simply gain
knowledge or to illegally make changes. Which of the following class of hacker refers to an individual who
works both offensively and defensively at various times?
A. Suicide Hacker
B. Black Hat
C. White Hat
D. Gray Hat
Answer: D

5. - (Exam Topic 1)
Trinity needs to scan all hosts on a /16 network for TCP port 445 only. What is the fastest way she can
accomplish this with Nmap? Stealth is not a concern.
A. nmap -sn -sF 10.1.0.0/16 445
B. nmap -p 445 -n -T4 –open 10.1.0.0/16
C. nmap -s 445 -sU -T5 10.1.0.0/16
D. nmap -p 445 –max -Pn 10.1.0.0/16
Answer: B

6. - (Exam Topic 1)
Bob, a system administrator at TPNQM SA, concluded one day that a DMZ is not needed if he properly
configures the firewall to allow access just to servers/ports, which can have direct internet access, and
block the access to workstations.
Bob also concluded that DMZ makes sense just when a stateful firewall is available, which is not the case of
TPNQM SA.
In this context, what can you say?
A. Bob can be right since DMZ does not make sense when combined with stateless firewalls
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Bob is partially right. He does not need to separate networks if he can create rules by destination IPs,
one by one
C. Bob is totally wrong. DMZ is always relevant when the company has internet servers and workstations
D. Bob is partially right. DMZ does not make sense when a stateless firewall is available
Answer: C

7. - (Exam Topic 1)
Bob, a network administrator at BigUniversity, realized that some students are connecting their notebooks
in the wired network to have Internet access. In the university campus, there are many Ethernet ports
available for professors and authorized visitors but not for students.
He identified this when the IDS alerted for malware activities in the network. What should Bob do to avoid
this problem?
A. Disable unused ports in the switches
B. Separate students in a different VLAN
C. Use the 802.1x protocol
D. Ask students to use the wireless network
Answer: C

8. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following DoS tools is used to attack target web applications by starvation of available
sessions on the web server?
The tool keeps sessions at halt using never-ending POST transmissions and sending an arbitrarily large
content-length header value.
A. My Doom
B. Astacheldraht
C. R-U-Dead-Yet?(RUDY)
D. LOIC
Answer: C

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

9. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following types of jailbreaking allows user-level access but does not allow iboot-level access?
A. Bootrom Exploit
B. iBoot Exploit
C. Sandbox Exploit
D. Userland Exploit
Answer: D

10. - (Exam Topic 1)
You perform a scan of your company’s network and discover that TCP port 123 is open. What services by
default run on TCP port 123?
A. Telnet
B. POP3
C. Network Time Protocol
D. DNS
Answer: C

11. - (Exam Topic 1)
The security administrator of ABC needs to permit Internet traffic in the host 10.0.0.2 and UDP traffic in the
host 10.0.0.3. He also needs to permit all FTP traffic to the rest of the network and deny all other traffic.
After he applied his ACL configuration in the router, nobody can access to the ftp, and the permitted hosts
cannot access the Internet. According to the next configuration, what is happening in the network?

A. The ACL 104 needs to be first because is UDP
B. The ACL 110 needs to be changed to port 80
C. The ACL for FTP must be before the ACL 110
D. The first ACL is denying all TCP traffic and the other ACLs are being ignored by the router

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: D

12. - (Exam Topic 1)
Based on the below log, which of the following sentences are true?
Mar 1, 2016, 7:33:28 AM 10.240.250.23 – 54373 10.249.253.15 – 22 tcp_ip
A. SSH communications are encrypted it’s impossible to know who is the client or the server
B. Application is FTP and 10.240.250.23 is the client and 10.249.253.15 is the server
C. Application is SSH and 10.240.250.23 is the client and 10.249.253.15 is the server
D. Application is SSH and 10.240.250.23 is the server and 10.249.253.15 is the server
Answer: C

13. - (Exam Topic 1)
Alice encrypts her data using her public key PK and stores the encrypted data in the cloud. Which of the
following attack scenarios will compromise the privacy of her data?
A. None of these scenarios compromise the privacy of Alice’s data
B. Agent Andrew subpoenas Alice, forcing her to reveal her private key. However, the cloud server
successfully resists Andrew’s attempt to access the stored data
C. Hacker Harry breaks into the cloud server and steals the encrypted data
D. Alice also stores her private key in the cloud, and Harry breaks into the cloud server as before
Answer: D

14. - (Exam Topic 1)
A company's policy requires employees to perform file transfers using protocols which encrypt traffic. You
suspect some employees are still performing file transfers using unencrypted protocols because the
employees do not like changes. You have positioned a network sniffer to capture traffic from the laptops
used by employees in the data ingest department. Using Wire shark to examine the captured traffic, which
command can be used as a display filter to find unencrypted file transfers?
A. tcp.port != 21
B. tcp.port = 23
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. tcp.port ==21
D. tcp.port ==21 || tcp.port ==22
Answer: D

15. - (Exam Topic 1)
What network security concept requires multiple layers of security controls to be placed throughout an IT
infrastructure, which improves the security posture of an organization to defend against malicious attacks or
potential vulnerabilities?
What kind of Web application vulnerability likely exists in their software?
A. Host-Based Intrusion Detection System
B. Security through obscurity
C. Defense in depth
D. Network-Based Intrusion Detection System
Answer: C

16. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are the Network Admin, and you get a compliant that some of the websites are no longer accessible.
You try to ping the servers and find them to be reachable. Then you type the IP address and then you try on
the browser, and find it to be accessible. But they are not accessible when you try using the URL.
What may be the problem?
A. Traffic is Blocked on UDP Port 53
B. Traffic is Blocked on UDP Port 80
C. Traffic is Blocked on UDP Port 54
D. Traffic is Blocked on UDP Port 80
Answer: A

17. - (Exam Topic 1)
In which of the following cryptography attack methods, the attacker makes a series of interactive queries,
choosing subsequent plaintexts based on the information from the previous encryptions?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Chosen-plaintext attack
B. Ciphertext-only attack
C. Adaptive chosen-plaintext attack
D. Known-plaintext attack
Answer: A

18. - (Exam Topic 1)
Analyst is investigating proxy logs and found out that one of the internal user visited website storing
suspicious Java scripts. After opening one of them, he noticed that it is very hard to understand the code
and that all codes differ from the typical Java script. What is the name of this technique to hide the code and
extend analysis time?
A. Encryption
B. Code encoding
C. Obfuscation
D. Steganography
Answer: A

19. - (Exam Topic 1)
Assume a business-crucial web-site of some company that is used to sell handsets to the customers
worldwide. All the developed components are reviewed by the security team on a monthly basis. In order to
drive business further, the web-site developers decided to add some 3rd party marketing tools on it. The
tools are written in JavaScript and can track the customer’s activity on the site. These tools are located on
the servers of the marketing company.
What is the main security risk associated with this scenario?
A. External script contents could be maliciously modified without the security team knowledge
B. External scripts have direct access to the company servers and can steal the data from there
C. There is no risk at all as the marketing services are trustworthy
D. External scripts increase the outbound company data traffic which leads greater financial losses
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

20. - (Exam Topic 1)
DHCP snooping is a great solution to prevent rogue DHCP servers on your network. Which security feature
on switches leverages the DHCP snooping database to help prevent man-in-the-middle attacks?
A. Port security
B. A Layer 2 Attack Prevention Protocol (LAPP)
C. Dynamic ARP inspection (DAI)
D. Spanning tree
Answer: C

21. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following steps for risk assessment methodology refers to vulnerability identification?
A. Determines if any flaws exist in systems, policies, or procedures
B. Assigns values to risk probabilities; Impact values.
C. Determines risk probability that vulnerability will be exploited (High. Medium, Low)
D. Identifies sources of harm to an IT system. (Natural, Human. Environmental)
Answer: C

22. - (Exam Topic 1)
Insecure direct object reference is a type of vulnerability where the application does not verify if the user is
authorized to access the internal object via its name or key.
Suppose a malicious user Rob tries to get access to the account of a benign user Ned.
Which of the following requests best illustrates an attempt to exploit an insecure direct object reference
vulnerability?
A. “GET/restricted/goldtransfer?to=Rob&from=1 or 1=1’ HTTP/1.1Host: westbank.com”
B. “GET/restricted/accounts/?name=Ned HTTP/1.1 Host: westbank.com”
C. “GET/restricted/bank.getaccount(‘Ned’) HTTP/1.1 Host: westbank.com”
D. “GET/restricted/\r\n\%00account%00Ned%00access HTTP/1.1 Host: westbank.com”
Answer: B
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

23. - (Exam Topic 1)
Why should the security analyst disable/remove unnecessary ISAPI filters?
A. To defend against social engineering attacks
B. To defend against webserver attacks
C. To defend against jailbreaking
D. To defend against wireless attacks
Answer: B

24. - (Exam Topic 1)
You need to deploy a new web-based software package for your organization. The package requires three
separate servers and needs to be available on the Internet. What is the recommended architecture in terms
of server placement?
A. All three servers need to be placed internally
B. A web server facing the Internet, an application server on the internal network, a database server on the
internal network
C. A web server and the database server facing the Internet, an application server on the internal network
D. All three servers need to face the Internet so that they can communicate between themselves
Answer: B

25. - (Exam Topic 1)
Sam is working as s pen-tester in an organization in Houston. He performs penetration testing on IDS in
order to find the different ways an attacker uses to evade the IDS. Sam sends a large amount of packets to
the target IDS that generates alerts, which enable Sam to hide the real traffic. What type of method is Sam
using to evade IDS?
A. Denial-of-Service
B. False Positive Generation
C. Insertion Attack
D. Obfuscating
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: B

26. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following act requires employer’s standard national numbers to identify them on standard
transactions?
A. SOX
B. HIPAA
C. DMCA
D. PCI-DSS
Answer: B

27. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which one of the following Google advanced search operators allows an attacker to restrict the results to
those websites in the given domain?
A. [cache:]
B. [site:]
C. [inurl:]
D. [link:]
Answer: B

28. - (Exam Topic 1)
Developers at your company are creating a web application which will be available for use by anyone on
the Internet, The developers have taken the approach of implementing a Three-Tier Architecture for the
web application. The developers are now asking you which network should the Presentation Tier (front- end
web server) be placed in?
A. isolated vlan network
B. Mesh network
C. DMZ network
D. Internal network
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

29. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are attempting to run an Nmap port scan on a web server. Which of the following commands would
result in a scan of common ports with the least amount of noise in order to evade IDS?
A. nmap –A - Pn
B. nmap –sP –p-65535-T5
C. nmap –sT –O –T0
D. nmap –A --host-timeout 99-T1
Answer: C

30. - (Exam Topic 1)
If you want only to scan fewer ports than the default scan using Nmap tool, which option would you use?
A. -sP
B. -P
C. -r
D. -F
Answer: B

31. - (Exam Topic 1)
Security Policy is a definition of what it means to be secure for a system, organization or other entity. For
Information Technologies, there are sub-policies like Computer Security Policy, Information Protection
Policy, Information Security Policy, network Security Policy, Physical Security Policy, Remote Access
Policy, and User Account Policy.
What is the main theme of the sub-policies for Information Technologies?
A. Availability, Non-repudiation, Confidentiality
B. Authenticity, Integrity, Non-repudiation
C. Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability
D. Authenticity, Confidentiality, Integrity
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

32. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are looking for SQL injection vulnerability by sending a special character to web applications. Which of
the following is the most useful for quick validation?
A. Double quotation
B. Backslash
C. Semicolon
D. Single quotation
Answer: D

33. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are working as a Security Analyst in a company XYZ that owns the whole subnet range of 23.0.0.0/8
and 192.168.0.0/8.
While monitoring the data, you find a high number of outbound connections. You see that IP’s owned by
XYZ (Internal) and private IP’s are communicating to a Single Public IP. Therefore, the Internal IP’s are
sending data to the Public IP.
After further analysis, you find out that this Public IP is a blacklisted IP, and the internal communicating
devices are compromised.
What kind of attack does the above scenario depict?
A. Botnet Attack
B. Spear Phishing Attack
C. Advanced Persistent Threats
D. Rootkit Attack
Answer: A

34. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following statements is TRUE?
A. Sniffers operate on Layer 2 of the OSI model
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Sniffers operate on Layer 3 of the OSI model
C. Sniffers operate on both Layer 2 & Layer 3 of the OSI model.
D. Sniffers operate on the Layer 1 of the OSI model.
Answer: A

35. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following attacks exploits web age vulnerabilities that allow an attacker to force an
unsuspecting user’s browser to send malicious requests they did not intend?
A. Command Injection Attacks
B. File Injection Attack
C. Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)
D. Hidden Field Manipulation Attack
Answer: C

36. - (Exam Topic 1)
An attacker, using a rogue wireless AP, performed an MITM attack and injected an HTML code to embed a
malicious applet in all HTTP connections.
When users accessed any page, the applet ran and exploited many machines. Which one of the following
tools the hacker probably used to inject HTML code?
A. Wireshark
B. Ettercap
C. Aircrack-ng
D. Tcpdump
Answer: B

37. - (Exam Topic 1)
Vlady works in a fishing company where the majority of the employees have very little understanding of IT
let alone IT Security. Several information security issues that Vlady often found includes, employees
sharing password, writing his/her password on a post it note and stick it to his/her desk, leaving the
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

computer unlocked, didn’t log out from emails or other social media accounts, and etc.
After discussing with his boss, Vlady decided to make some changes to improve the security environment
in his company. The first thing that Vlady wanted to do is to make the employees understand the
importance of keeping confidential information, such as password, a secret and they should not share it
with other persons.
Which of the following steps should be the first thing that Vlady should do to make the employees in his
company understand to importance of keeping confidential information a secret?
A. Warning to those who write password on a post it note and put it on his/her desk
B. Developing a strict information security policy
C. Information security awareness training
D. Conducting a one to one discussion with the other employees about the importance of information
security
Answer: A

38. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which component of IPsec performs protocol-level functions that are required to encrypt and decrypt the
packets?
A. Internet Key Exchange (IKE)
B. Oakley
C. IPsec Policy Agent
D. IPsec driver
Answer: A

39. - (Exam Topic 1)
Firewalls are the software or hardware systems that are able to control and monitor the traffic coming in and
out the target network based on pre-defined set of rules.
Which of the following types of firewalls can protect against SQL injection attacks?
A. Data-driven firewall
B. Stateful firewall
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Packet firewall
D. Web application firewall
Answer: D

40. - (Exam Topic 1)
Log monitoring tools performing behavioral analysis have alerted several suspicious logins on a Linux
server occurring during non-business hours. After further examination of all login activities, it is noticed that
none of the logins have occurred during typical work hours. A Linux administrator who is investigating this
problem realizes the system time on the Linux server is wrong by more than twelve hours. What protocol
used on Linux servers to synchronize the time has stopped working?
A. Time Keeper
B. NTP
C. PPP
D. OSPP
Answer: B

41. - (Exam Topic 1)
Code injection is a form of attack in which a malicious user:
A. Inserts text into a data field that gets interpreted as code
B. Gets the server to execute arbitrary code using a buffer overflow
C. Inserts additional code into the JavaScript running in the browser
D. Gains access to the codebase on the server and inserts new code
Answer: A

42. - (Exam Topic 1)
An attacker scans a host with the below command. Which three flags are set? (Choose three.)
#nmap –sX host.domain.com
A. This is ACK scan. ACK flag is set
B. This is Xmas scan. SYN and ACK flags are set
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. This is Xmas scan. URG, PUSH and FIN are set
D. This is SYN scan. SYN flag is set
Answer: C

43. - (Exam Topic 1)
What is the least important information when you analyze a public IP address in a security alert?
A. ARP
B. Whois
C. DNS
D. Geolocation
Answer: A

44. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are a security officer of a company. You had an alert from IDS that indicates that one PC on your
Intranet is connected to a blacklisted IP address (C2 Server) on the Internet. The IP address was
blacklisted just before the alert. You are staring an investigation to roughly analyze the severity of the
situation. Which of the following is appropriate to analyze?
A. Event logs on the PC
B. Internet Firewall/Proxy log
C. IDS log
D. Event logs on domain controller
Answer: B

45. - (Exam Topic 1)
Steve, a scientist who works in a governmental security agency, developed a technological solution to
identify people based on walking patterns and implemented this approach to a physical control access.
A camera captures people walking and identifies the individuals using Steve’s approach.
After that, people must approximate their RFID badges. Both the identifications are required to open the
door. In this case, we can say:
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Although the approach has two phases, it actually implements just one authentication factor
B. The solution implements the two authentication factors: physical object and physical characteristic
C. The solution will have a high level of false positives
D. Biological motion cannot be used to identify people
Answer: B

46. - (Exam Topic 1)
The network team has well-established procedures to follow for creating new rules on the firewall. This
includes having approval from a manager prior to implementing any new rules. While reviewing the firewall
configuration, you notice a recently implemented rule but cannot locate manager approval for it. What
would be a good step to have in the procedures for a situation like this?
A. Have the network team document the reason why the rule was implemented without prior manager
approval.
B. Monitor all traffic using the firewall rule until a manager can approve it.
C. Do not roll back the firewall rule as the business may be relying upon it, but try to get manager approval
as soon as possible.
D. Immediately roll back the firewall rule until a manager can approve it
Answer: D

47. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are a Penetration Tester and are assigned to scan a server. You need to use a scanning technique
wherein the TCP Header is split into many packets so that it becomes difficult to detect what the packets
are meant for.
Which of the below scanning technique will you use?
A. ACK flag scanning
B. TCP Scanning
C. IP Fragment Scanning
D. Inverse TCP flag scanning
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

48. - (Exam Topic 1)
Cross-site request forgery involves:
A. A request sent by a malicious user from a browser to a server
B. Modification of a request by a proxy between client and server
C. A browser making a request to a server without the user’s knowledge
D. A server making a request to another server without the user’s knowledge
Answer: C

49. - (Exam Topic 1)
When conducting a penetration test, it is crucial to use all means to get all available information about the
target network. One of the ways to do that is by sniffing the network. Which of the following cannot be
performed by the passive network sniffing?
A. Identifying operating systems, services, protocols and devices
B. Modifying and replaying captured network traffic
C. Collecting unencrypted information about usernames and passwords
D. Capturing a network traffic for further analysis
Answer: B

50. - (Exam Topic 1)
An unauthorized individual enters a building following an employee through the employee entrance after
the lunch rush. What type of breach has the individual just performed?
A. Reverse Social Engineering
B. Tailgating
C. Piggybacking
D. Announced
Answer: B

51. - (Exam Topic 1)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A hacker named Jack is trying to compromise a bank’s computer system. He needs to know the operating
system of that computer to launch further attacks.
What process would help him?
A. Banner Grabbing
B. IDLE/IPID Scanning
C. SSDP Scanning
D. UDP Scanning
Answer: A

52. - (Exam Topic 1)
From the following table, identify the wrong answer in terms of Range (ft).

A. 802.11b
B. 802.11g
C. 802.16(WiMax)
D. 802.11a
Answer: D

53. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following cryptography attack is an understatement for the extraction of cryptographic secrets
(e.g. the password to an encrypted file) from a person by a coercion or torture?
A. Chosen-Cipher text Attack
B. Ciphertext-only Attack
C. Timing Attack
D. Rubber Hose Attack
Answer: D
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

54. - (Exam Topic 1)
A virus that attempts to install itself inside the file it is infecting is called?
A. Tunneling virus
B. Cavity virus
C. Polymorphic virus
D. Stealth virus
Answer: B

55. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following antennas is commonly used in communications for a frequency band of 10 MHz to
VHF and UHF?
A. Omnidirectional antenna
B. Dipole antenna
C. Yagi antenna
D. Parabolic grid antenna
Answer: C

56. - (Exam Topic 1)
Darius is analysing IDS logs. During the investigation, he noticed that there was nothing suspicious found
and an alert was triggered on normal web application traffic. He can mark this alert as:
A. False-Negative
B. False-Positive
C. True-Positive
D. False-Signature
Answer: A

57. - (Exam Topic 1)
A pen tester is configuring a Windows laptop for a test. In setting up Wireshark, what river and library are
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

required to allow the NIC to work in promiscuous mode?
A. Libpcap
B. Awinpcap
C. Winprom
D. Winpcap
Answer: D

58. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following provides a security professional with most information about the system’s security
posture?
A. Wardriving, warchalking, social engineering
B. Social engineering, company site browsing, tailgating
C. Phishing, spamming, sending trojans
D. Port scanning, banner grabbing, service identification
Answer: D

59. - (Exam Topic 1)
The collection of potentially actionable, overt, and publicly available information is known as
A. Open-source intelligence
B. Human intelligence
C. Social intelligence
D. Real intelligence
Answer: A

60. - (Exam Topic 1)
In Wireshark, the packet bytes panes show the data of the current packet in which format?
A. Decimal
B. ASCII only
C. Binary
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Hexadecimal
Answer: D

61. - (Exam Topic 1)
Why containers are less secure that virtual machines?
A. Host OS on containers has a larger surface attack.
B. Containers may full fill disk space of the host.
C. A compromise container may cause a CPU starvation of the host.
D. Containers are attached to the same virtual network.
Answer: A

62. - (Exam Topic 1)
Company XYZ has asked you to assess the security of their perimeter email gateway. From your office in
New York, you craft a specially formatted email message and send it across the Internet to an employee of
Company XYZ. The employee of Company XYZ is aware of your test.
Your email message looks like this: From: jim_miller@companyxyz.com
To: michelle_saunders@companyxyz.com Subject: Test message
Date: 4/3/2017 14:37
The employee of Company XYZ receives your email message. This proves that Company XYZ's email
gateway doesn't prevent what?
A. Email Phishing
B. Email Masquerading
C. Email Spoofing
D. Email Harvesting
Answer: C

63. - (Exam Topic 1)
Nedved is an IT Security Manager of a bank in his country. One day. he found out that there is a security
breach to his company's email server based on analysis of a suspicious connection from the email server to
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

an unknown IP Address.
What is the first thing that Nedved needs to do before contacting the incident response team?
A. Leave it as it Is and contact the incident response te3m right away
B. Block the connection to the suspicious IP Address from the firewall
C. Disconnect the email server from the network
D. Migrate the connection to the backup email server
Answer: C

64. - (Exam Topic 1)
Identify the UDP port that Network Time Protocol (NTP) uses as its primary means of communication?
A. 123
B. 161
C. 69
D. 113
Answer: A

65. - (Exam Topic 1)
If an attacker uses the command SELECT*FROM user WHERE name = ‘x’ AND userid IS NULL; --‘; which
type of SQL injection attack is the attacker performing?
A. End of Line Comment
B. UNION SQL Injection
C. Illegal/Logically Incorrect Query
D. Tautology
Answer: D

66. - (Exam Topic 1)
During the process of encryption and decryption, what keys are shared?
During the process of encryption and decryption, what keys are shared?
A. Private keys
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. User passwords
C. Public keys
D. Public and private keys
Answer: C

67. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following Bluetooth hacking techniques does an attacker use to send messages to users
without the recipient’s consent, similar to email spamming?
A. Bluesmacking
B. Bluesniffing
C. Bluesnarfing
D. Bluejacking
Answer: D

68. - (Exam Topic 1)
Darius is analysing logs from IDS. He want to understand what have triggered one alert and verify if it's true
positive or false positive. Looking at the logs he copy and paste basic details like below:
source IP: 192.168.21.100
source port: 80
destination IP: 192.168.10.23
destination port: 63221
What is the most proper answer.
A. This is most probably true negative.
B. This is most probably true positive which triggered on secure communication between client and server.
C. This is most probably false-positive, because an alert triggered on reversed traffic.
D. This is most probably false-positive because IDS is monitoring one direction traffic.
Answer: A

69. - (Exam Topic 1)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which is the first step followed by Vulnerability Scanners for scanning a network?
A. TCP/UDP Port scanning
B. Firewall detection
C. OS Detection
D. Checking if the remote host is alive
Answer: D

70. - (Exam Topic 1)
On performing a risk assessment, you need to determine the potential impacts when some of the critical
business process of the company interrupt its service. What is the name of the process by which you can
determine those critical business?
A. Risk Mitigation
B. Emergency Plan Response (EPR)
C. Disaster Recovery Planning (DRP)
D. Business Impact Analysis (BIA)
Answer: D

71. - (Exam Topic 1)
Your business has decided to add credit card numbers to the data it backs up to tape. Which of the
following represents the best practice your business should observe?
A. Hire a security consultant to provide direction.
B. Do not back up cither the credit card numbers or then hashes.
C. Back up the hashes of the credit card numbers not the actual credit card numbers.
D. Encrypt backup tapes that are sent off-site.
Answer: A

72. - (Exam Topic 1)
DNS cache snooping is a process of determining if the specified resource address is present in the DNS
cache records. It may be useful during the examination of the network to determine what software update
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

resources are used, thus discovering what software is installed.
What command is used to determine if the entry is present in DNS cache?
A. nslookup -fullrecursive update.antivirus.com
B. dnsnooping –rt update.antivirus.com
C. nslookup -norecursive update.antivirus.com
D. dns --snoop update.antivirus.com
Answer: C

73. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following is considered as one of the most reliable forms of TCP scanning?
A. TCP Connect/Full Open Scan
B. Half-open Scan
C. NULL Scan
D. Xmas Scan
Answer: A

74. - (Exam Topic 1)
What type of analysis is performed when an attacker has partial knowledge of inner-workings of the
application?
A. Black-box
B. Announced
C. White-box
D. Grey-box
Answer: D

75. - (Exam Topic 1)
Some clients of TPNQM SA were redirected to a malicious site when they tried to access the TPNQM main
site. Bob, a system administrator at TPNQM SA, found that they were victims of DNS Cache Poisoning.
What should Bob recommend to deal with such a threat?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. The use of security agents in clients’ computers
B. The use of DNSSEC
C. The use of double-factor authentication
D. Client awareness
Answer: B

76. - (Exam Topic 1)

What does the option * indicate?
A. s
B. t
C. n
D. a
Answer: C

77. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following scanning method splits the TCP header into several packets and makes it difficult for
packet filters to detect the purpose of the packet?
A. ICMP Echo scanning
B. SYN/FIN scanning using IP fragments
C. ACK flag probe scanning
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. IPID scanning
Answer: B

78. - (Exam Topic 1)
What is the minimum number of network connections in a multi homed firewall?
A. 3
B. 5
C. 4
D. 2
Answer: A

79. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the below hashing functions are not recommended for use?
A. SHA-1.ECC
B. MD5, SHA-1
C. SHA-2. SHA-3
D. MD5. SHA-5
Answer: A

80. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following program infects the system boot sector and the executable files at the same time?
A. Stealth virus
B. Polymorphic virus
C. Macro virus
D. Multipartite Virus
Answer: D

81. - (Exam Topic 1)
Bob finished a C programming course and created a small C application to monitor the network traffic and
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

produce alerts when any origin sends “many” IP packets, based on the average number of packets sent by
all origins and using some thresholds.
In concept, the solution developed by Bob is actually:
A. Just a network monitoring tool
B. A signature-based IDS
C. A hybrid IDS
D. A behavior-based IDS
Answer: A

82. - (Exam Topic 1)
Chandler works as a pen-tester in an IT-firm in New York. As a part of detecting viruses in the systems, he
uses a detection method where the anti-virus executes the malicious codes on a virtual machine to simulate
CPU and memory activities.
Which type of virus detection method did Chandler use in this context?
A. Heuristic Analysis
B. Code Emulation
C. Integrity checking
D. Scanning
Answer: B

83. - (Exam Topic 1)
When a security analyst prepares for the formal security assessment - what of the following should be done
in order to determine inconsistencies in the secure assets database and verify that system is compliant to
the minimum security baseline?
A. Data items and vulnerability scanning
B. Interviewing employees and network engineers
C. Reviewing the firewalls configuration
D. Source code review
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

84. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following is the best countermeasure to encrypting ransomwares?
A. Use multiple antivirus softwares
B. Keep some generation of off-line backup
C. Analyze the ransomware to get decryption key of encrypted data
D. Pay a ransom
Answer: B

85. - (Exam Topic 1)
Email is transmitted across the Internet using the Simple Mail Transport Protocol. SMTP does not encrypt
email, leaving the information in the message vulnerable to being read by an unauthorized person. SMTP
can upgrade a connection between two mail servers to use TLS. Email transmitted by SMTP over TLS is
encrypted. What is the name of the command used by SMTP to transmit email over TLS?
A. OPPORTUNISTICTLS STARTTLS
B. FORCETLS
C. UPGRADETLS
Answer: B

86. - (Exam Topic 1)
You are monitoring the network of your organizations. You notice that:
* 1. There are huge outbound connections from your Internal Network to External IPs.
* 2. On further investigation, you see that the External IPs are blacklisted.
* 3. Some connections are accepted, and some are dropped.
* 4. You find that it is a CnC communication. Which of the following solution will you suggest?
A. Block the Blacklist IP’s @ Firewall
B. Update the Latest Signatures on your IDS/IPS
C. Clean the Malware which are trying to Communicate with the External Blacklist IP’s
D. Both B and C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: D

87. - (Exam Topic 1)
These hackers have limited or no training and know how to use only basic techniques or tools. What kind of
hackers are we talking about?
A. Black-Hat Hackers A
B. Script Kiddies
C. White-Hat Hackers
D. Gray-Hat Hacker
Answer: C

88. - (Exam Topic 1)
What type of vulnerability/attack is it when the malicious person forces the user’s browser to send an
authenticated request to a server?
A. Cross-site request forgery
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Session hijacking
D. Server side request forgery
Answer: A

89. - (Exam Topic 1)
In which of the following password protection technique, random strings of characters are added to the
password before calculating their hashes?
A. Keyed Hashing
B. Key Stretching
C. Salting
D. Double Hashing
Answer: C

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

90. - (Exam Topic 1)
What is the main security service a cryptographic hash provides?
A. Integrity and ease of computation
B. Message authentication and collision resistance
C. Integrity and collision resistance
D. Integrity and computational in-feasibility
Answer: D

91. - (Exam Topic 1)
Identify the web application attack where the attackers exploit vulnerabilities in dynamically generated web
pages to inject client-side script into web pages viewed by other users.
A. SQL injection attack
B. Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
C. LDAP Injection attack
D. Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)
Answer: B

92. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following options represents a conceptual characteristic of an anomaly-based IDS over a
signature-based IDS?
A. Produces less false positives
B. Can identify unknown attacks
C. Requires vendor updates for a new threat
D. Cannot deal with encrypted network traffic
Answer: B

93. - (Exam Topic 1)
What is one of the advantages of using both symmetric and asymmetric cryptography in SSL/TLS?
A. Symmetric algorithms such as AES provide a failsafe when asymmetric methods fail.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Asymmetric cryptography is computationally expensive in comparison. However, it is well-suited to
securely negotiate keys for use with symmetric cryptography.
C. Symmetric encryption allows the server to securely transmit the session keys out-of-band.
D. Supporting both types of algorithms allows less-powerful devices such as mobile phones to use
symmetric encryption instead.
Answer: D

94. - (Exam Topic 1)
You need a tool that can do network intrusion prevention and intrusion detection, function as a network
sniffer, and record network activity, what tool would you most likely select?
A. Nmap
B. Cain & Abel
C. Nessus
D. Snort
Answer: D

95. - (Exam Topic 1)
In the field of cryptanalysis, what is meant by a “rubber-hose" attack?
A. Attempting to decrypt cipher text by making logical assumptions about the contents of the original plain
text.
B. Extraction of cryptographic secrets through coercion or torture.
C. Forcing the targeted key stream through a hardware-accelerated device such as an ASIC.
D. A backdoor placed into a cryptographic algorithm by its creator.
Answer: B

96. - (Exam Topic 1)
What would you enter, if you wanted to perform a stealth scan using Nmap?
A. nmap -sU
B. nmap -sS
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. nmap -sM
D. nmap -sT
Answer: B

97. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which of the following is an adaptive SQL Injection testing technique used to discover coding errors by
inputting massive amounts of random data and observing the changes in the output?
A. Function Testing
B. Dynamic Testing
C. Static Testing
D. Fuzzing Testing
Answer: D

98. - (Exam Topic 1)
Which protocol is used for setting up secure channels between two devices, typically in VPNs?
A. PPP
B. IPSEC
C. PEM
D. SET
Answer: B

99. - (Exam Topic 1)
How is the public key distributed in an orderly, controlled fashion so that the users can be sure of the
sender’s identity?
A. Hash value
B. Private key
C. Digital signature
D. Digital certificate
Answer: D
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

100. - (Exam Topic 1)
What does the -oX flag do in an Nmap scan?
A. Perform an express scan
B. Output the results in truncated format to the screen
C. Perform an Xmas scan
D. Output the results in XML format to a file
Answer: D

101. - (Exam Topic 1)
What is the purpose of a demilitarized zone on a network?
A. To scan all traffic coming through the DMZ to the internal network
B. To only provide direct access to the nodes within the DMZ and protect the network behind it
C. To provide a place to put the honeypot
D. To contain the network devices you wish to protect
Answer: B

102. - (Exam Topic 1)
Bob, your senior colleague, has sent you a mail regarding a deal with one of the clients. You are requested
to accept the offer and you oblige. After 2 days. Bob denies that he had ever sent a mail. What do you want
to ""know"" to prove yourself that it was Bob who had send a mail?
A. Authentication
B. Confidentiality
C. Integrity
D. Non-Repudiation
Answer: D

103. - (Exam Topic 1)
When tuning security alerts, what is the best approach?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Tune to avoid False positives and False Negatives
B. Rise False positives Rise False Negatives
C. Decrease the false positives
D. Decrease False negatives
Answer: A

Topic 2, Exam Pool B
1. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following resources does NMAP need to be used as a basic vulnerability scanner covering
several vectors like SMB, HTTP and FTP?
A. Metasploit scripting engine
B. Nessus scripting engine
C. NMAP scripting engine
D. SAINT scripting engine
Answer: C

2. - (Exam Topic 2)
An NMAP scan of a server shows port 25 is open. What risk could this pose?
A. Open printer sharing
B. Web portal data leak
C. Clear text authentication
D. Active mail relay
Answer: D

3. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a hashing algorithm?
A. MD5
B. PGP
C. DES
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. ROT13
Answer: A

4. - (Exam Topic 2)
When creating a security program, which approach would be used if senior management is supporting and
enforcing the security policy?
A. A bottom-up approach
B. A top-down approach
C. A senior creation approach
D. An IT assurance approach
Answer: B

5. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the statements concerning proxy firewalls is correct?
A. Proxy firewalls increase the speed and functionality of a network.
B. Firewall proxy servers decentralize all activity for an application.
C. Proxy firewalls block network packets from passing to and from a protected network.
D. Computers establish a connection with a proxy firewall which initiates a new network connection for the
client.
Answer: D

6. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which property ensures that a hash function will not produce the same hashed value for two different
messages?
A. Collision resistance
B. Bit length
C. Key strength
D. Entropy
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

7. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which set of access control solutions implements two-factor authentication?
A. USB token and PIN
B. Fingerprint scanner and retina scanner
C. Password and PIN
D. Account and password
Answer: A

8. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following settings enables Nessus to detect when it is sending too many packets and the
network pipe is approaching capacity?
A. Netstat WMI Scan
B. Silent Dependencies
C. Consider unscanned ports as closed
D. Reduce parallel connections on congestion
Answer: D

9. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is an example of an asymmetric encryption implementation?
A. SHA1
B. PGP
C. 3DES
D. MD5
Answer: B

10. - (Exam Topic 2)
During a penetration test, a tester finds a target that is running MS SQL 2000 with default credentials. The
tester assumes that the service is running with Local System account. How can this weakness be exploited
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

to access the system?
A. Using the Metasploit psexec module setting the SA / Admin credential
B. Invoking the stored procedure xp_shell to spawn a Windows command shell
C. Invoking the stored procedure cmd_shell to spawn a Windows command shell
D. Invoking the stored procedure xp_cmdshell to spawn a Windows command shell
Answer: D

11. - (Exam Topic 2)
A network administrator received an administrative alert at 3:00 a.m. from the intrusion detection system.
The alert was generated because a large number of packets were coming into the network over ports 20
and 21. During analysis, there were no signs of attack on the FTP servers. How should the administrator
classify this situation?
A. True negatives
B. False negatives
C. True positives
D. False positives
Answer: D

12. - (Exam Topic 2)
Low humidity in a data center can cause which of the following problems?
A. Heat
B. Corrosion
C. Static electricity
D. Airborne contamination
Answer: C

13. - (Exam Topic 2)
A large company intends to use Blackberry for corporate mobile phones and a security analyst is assigned
to evaluate the possible threats. The analyst will use the Blackjacking attack method to demonstrate how
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

an attacker could circumvent perimeter defenses and gain access to the corporate network. What tool
should the analyst use to perform a Blackjacking attack?
A. Paros Proxy
B. BBProxy
C. BBCrack
D. Blooover
Answer: B
Explanation:
Blackberry users warned of hacking tool threat.
Users have been warned that the security of Blackberry wireless e-mail devices is at risk due to the
availability this week of a new hacking tool. Secure Computing Corporation said businesses that have
installed Blackberry servers behind their gateway security devices could be vulnerable to a hacking attack
from a tool call BBProxy.
References:
http://www.computerweekly.com/news/2240062112/Technology-news-in-brief

14. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security policy will be more accepted by employees if it is consistent and has the support of
A. coworkers.
B. executive management.
C. the security officer.
D. a supervisor.
Answer: B

15. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following cryptography attack methods is usually performed without the use of a computer?
A. Ciphertext-only attack
B. Chosen key attack
C. Rubber hose attack
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Rainbow table attack
Answer: C

16. - (Exam Topic 2)
A consultant is hired to do physical penetration testing at a large financial company. In the first day of his
assessment, the consultant goes to the company`s building dressed like an electrician and waits in the
lobby for an employee to pass through the main access gate, then the consultant follows the employee
behind to get into the restricted area. Which type of attack did the consultant perform?
A. Man trap
B. Tailgating
C. Shoulder surfing
D. Social engineering
Answer: B

17. - (Exam Topic 2)
A hacker searches in Google for filetype:pcf to find Cisco VPN config files. Those files may contain
connectivity passwords that can be decoded with which of the following?
A. Cupp
B. Nessus
C. Cain and Abel
D. John The Ripper Pro
Answer: C

18. - (Exam Topic 2)
What technique is used to perform a Connection Stream Parameter Pollution (CSPP) attack?
A. Injecting parameters into a connection string using semicolons as a separator
B. Inserting malicious Javascript code into input parameters
C. Setting a user's session identifier (SID) to an explicit known value
D. Adding multiple parameters with the same name in HTTP requests
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

19. - (Exam Topic 2)
How can telnet be used to fingerprint a web server?
A. telnet webserverAddress 80HEAD / HTTP/1.0
B. telnet webserverAddress 80PUT / HTTP/1.0
C. telnet webserverAddress 80HEAD / HTTP/2.0
D. telnet webserverAddress 80PUT / HTTP/2.0
Answer: A

20. - (Exam Topic 2)
How does an operating system protect the passwords used for account logins?
A. The operating system performs a one-way hash of the passwords.
B. The operating system stores the passwords in a secret file that users cannot find.
C. The operating system encrypts the passwords, and decrypts them when needed.
D. The operating system stores all passwords in a protected segment of non-volatile memory.
Answer: A

21. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following examples best represents a logical or technical control?
A. Security tokens
B. Heating and air conditioning
C. Smoke and fire alarms
D. Corporate security policy
Answer: A

22. - (Exam Topic 2)
A hacker is attempting to see which IP addresses are currently active on a network. Which NMAP switch
would the hacker use?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. -sO
B. -sP
C. -sS
D. -sU
Answer: B

23. - (Exam Topic 2)
Diffie-Hellman (DH) groups determine the strength of the key used in the key exchange process. Which of
the following is the correct bit size of the Diffie-Hellman (DH) group 5?
A. 768 bit key
B. 1025 bit key
C. 1536 bit key
D. 2048 bit key
Answer: C

24. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a preventive control?
A. Smart card authentication
B. Security policy
C. Audit trail
D. Continuity of operations plan
Answer: A

25. - (Exam Topic 2)
At a Windows Server command prompt, which command could be used to list the running services?
A. Sc query type= running
B. Sc query \\servername
C. Sc query
D. Sc config
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

26. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following items of a computer system will an anti-virus program scan for viruses?
A. Boot Sector
B. Deleted Files
C. Windows Process List
D. Password Protected Files
Answer: A

27. - (Exam Topic 2)
A hacker is attempting to use nslookup to query Domain Name Service (DNS). The hacker uses the
nslookup interactive mode for the search. Which command should the hacker type into the command shell
to request the appropriate records?
A. Locate type=ns
B. Request type=ns
C. Set type=ns
D. Transfer type=ns
Answer: C

28. - (Exam Topic 2)
A penetration tester is conducting a port scan on a specific host. The tester found several ports opened that
were confusing in concluding the Operating System (OS) version installed. Considering the NMAP result
below, which of the following is likely to be installed on the target machine by the OS?

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. The host is likely a Windows machine.
B. The host is likely a Linux machine.
C. The host is likely a router.
D. The host is likely a printer.
Answer: D

29. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is a successful method for protecting a router from potential smurf attacks?
A. Placing the router in broadcast mode
B. Enabling port forwarding on the router
C. Installing the router outside of the network's firewall
D. Disabling the router from accepting broadcast ping messages
Answer: D

30. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is considered an acceptable option when managing a risk?
A. Reject the risk.
B. Deny the risk.
C. Mitigate the risk.
D. Initiate the risk.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

31. - (Exam Topic 2)
During a penetration test, the tester conducts an ACK scan using NMAP against the external interface of
the DMZ firewall. NMAP reports that port 80 is unfiltered. Based on this response, which type of packet
inspection is the firewall conducting?
A. Host
B. Stateful
C. Stateless
D. Application
Answer: C

32. - (Exam Topic 2)
A hacker was able to sniff packets on a company's wireless network. The following information was
discovered:

Using the Exlcusive OR, what was the original message?
A. 00101000 11101110
B. 11010111 00010001
C. 00001101 10100100
D. 11110010 01011011
Answer: B

33. - (Exam Topic 2)
Least privilege is a security concept that requires that a user is
A. limited to those functions required to do the job.
B. given root or administrative privileges.
C. trusted to keep all data and access to that data under their sole control.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. given privileges equal to everyone else in the department.
Answer: A

34. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following problems can be solved by using Wireshark?
A. Tracking version changes of source code
B. Checking creation dates on all webpages on a server
C. Resetting the administrator password on multiple systems
D. Troubleshooting communication resets between two systems
Answer: D

35. - (Exam Topic 2)
After gaining access to the password hashes used to protect access to a web based application, knowledge
of which cryptographic algorithms would be useful to gain access to the application?
A. SHA1
B. Diffie-Helman
C. RSA
D. AES
Answer: A

36. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which results will be returned with the following Google search query? site:target.com
-site:Marketing.target.com accounting
A. Results matching all words in the query
B. Results matching “accounting” in domain target.com but not on the site Marketing.target.com
C. Results from matches on the site marketing.target.com that are in the domain target.com but do not
include the word accounting
D. Results for matches on target.com and Marketing.target.com that include the word “accounting”
Answer: B
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

37. - (Exam Topic 2)
While checking the settings on the internet browser, a technician finds that the proxy server settings have
been checked and a computer is trying to use itself as a proxy server. What specific octet within the subnet
does the technician see?
A. 10.10.10.10
B. 127.0.0.1
C. 192.168.1.1
D. 192.168.168.168
Answer: B

38. - (Exam Topic 2)
John the Ripper is a technical assessment tool used to test the weakness of which of the following?
A. Usernames
B. File permissions
C. Firewall rulesets
D. Passwords
Answer: D

39. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the best defense against privilege escalation vulnerability?
A. Patch systems regularly and upgrade interactive login privileges at the system administrator level.
B. Run administrator and applications on least privileges and use a content registry for tracking.
C. Run services with least privileged accounts and implement multi-factor authentication and authorization.
D. Review user roles and administrator privileges for maximum utilization of automation services.
Answer: C

40. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following business challenges could be solved by using a vulnerability scanner?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Auditors want to discover if all systems are following a standard naming convention.
B. A web server was compromised and management needs to know if any further systems were
compromised.
C. There is an emergency need to remove administrator access from multiple machines for an employee
that quit.
D. There is a monthly requirement to test corporate compliance with host application usage and security
policies.
Answer: D

41. - (Exam Topic 2)
An organization hires a tester to do a wireless penetration test. Previous reports indicate that the last test
did not contain management or control packets in the submitted traces. Which of the following is the most
likely reason for lack of management or control packets?
A. The wireless card was not turned on.
B. The wrong network card drivers were in use by Wireshark.
C. On Linux and Mac OS X, only 802.11 headers are received in promiscuous mode.
D. Certain operating systems and adapters do not collect the management or control packets.
Answer: D

42. - (Exam Topic 2)
A hacker is attempting to see which ports have been left open on a network. Which NMAP switch would the
hacker use?
A. -sO
B. -sP
C. -sS
D. -sU
Answer: A

43. - (Exam Topic 2)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A security analyst in an insurance company is assigned to test a new web application that will be used by
clients to help them choose and apply for an insurance plan. The analyst discovers that the application is
developed in ASP scripting language and it uses MSSQL as a database backend. The analyst locates the
application's search form and introduces the following code in the search input field:

When the analyst submits the form, the browser returns a pop-up window that says "Vulnerable". Which
web applications vulnerability did the analyst discover?
A. Cross-site request forgery
B. Command injection
C. Cross-site scripting
D. SQL injection
Answer: C

44. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is one thing a tester can do to ensure that the software is trusted and is not changing or tampering
with critical data on the back end of a system it is loaded on?
A. Proper testing
B. Secure coding principles
C. Systems security and architecture review
D. Analysis of interrupts within the software
Answer: D

45. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a strong post designed to stop a car?
A. Gate
B. Fence
C. Bollard
D. Reinforced rebar
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

46. - (Exam Topic 2)
ICMP ping and ping sweeps are used to check for active systems and to check
A. if ICMP ping traverses a firewall.
B. the route that the ICMP ping took.
C. the location of the switchport in relation to the ICMP ping.
D. the number of hops an ICMP ping takes to reach a destination.
Answer: A

47. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security administrator notices that the log file of the company’s webserver contains suspicious entries:

Based on source code analysis, the analyst concludes that the login.php script is vulnerable to
A. command injection.
B. SQL injection.
C. directory traversal.
D. LDAP injection.
Answer: B

48. - (Exam Topic 2)
The use of technologies like IPSec can help guarantee the following: authenticity, integrity, confidentiality
and
A. non-repudiation.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. operability.
C. security.
D. usability.
Answer: A

49. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a detective control?
A. Smart card authentication
B. Security policy
C. Audit trail
D. Continuity of operations plan
Answer: C

50. - (Exam Topic 2)
The following is part of a log file taken from the machine on the network with the IP address of
192.168.1.106:

What type of activity has been logged?
A. Port scan targeting 192.168.1.103
B. Teardrop attack targeting 192.168.1.106
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Denial of service attack targeting 192.168.1.103
D. Port scan targeting 192.168.1.106
Answer: D

51. - (Exam Topic 2)
On a Linux device, which of the following commands will start the Nessus client in the background so that
the Nessus server can be configured?
A. nessus +
B. nessus *s
C. nessus &
D. nessus -d
Answer: C

52. - (Exam Topic 2)
Passive reconnaissance involves collecting information through which of the following?
A. Social engineering
B. Network traffic sniffing
C. Man in the middle attacks
D. Publicly accessible sources
Answer: D

53. - (Exam Topic 2)
A recently hired network security associate at a local bank was given the responsibility to perform daily
scans of the internal network to look for unauthorized devices. The employee decides to write a script that
will scan the network for unauthorized devices every morning at 5:00 am.
Which of the following programming languages would most likely be used?
A. PHP
B. C#
C. Python
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. ASP.NET
Answer: C

54. - (Exam Topic 2)
A developer for a company is tasked with creating a program that will allow customers to update their billing
and shipping information. The billing address field used is limited to 50 characters. What pseudo code
would the developer use to avoid a buffer overflow attack on the billing address field?
A. if (billingAddress = 50) {update field} else exit
B. if (billingAddress != 50) {update field} else exit
C. if (billingAddress >= 50) {update field} else exit
D. if (billingAddress <= 50) {update field} else exit
Answer: D

55. - (Exam Topic 2)
When analyzing the IDS logs, the system administrator noticed an alert was logged when the external
router was accessed from the administrator's computer to update the router configuration. What type of an
alert is this?
A. False positive
B. False negative
C. True positve
D. True negative
Answer: A

56. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which type of antenna is used in wireless communication?
A. Omnidirectional
B. Parabolic
C. Uni-directional
D. Bi-directional
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

57. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the most secure way to mitigate the theft of corporate information from a laptop that was left in a
hotel room?
A. Set a BIOS password.
B. Encrypt the data on the hard drive.
C. Use a strong logon password to the operating system.
D. Back up everything on the laptop and store the backup in a safe place.
Answer: B

58. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following viruses tries to hide from anti-virus programs by actively altering and corrupting the
chosen service call interruptions when they are being run?
A. Cavity virus
B. Polymorphic virus
C. Tunneling virus
D. Stealth virus
Answer: D

59. - (Exam Topic 2)
Fingerprinting VPN firewalls is possible with which of the following tools?
A. Angry IP
B. Nikto
C. Ike-scan
D. Arp-scan
Answer: C

60. - (Exam Topic 2)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

What are the three types of authentication?
A. Something you: know, remember, prove
B. Something you: have, know, are
C. Something you: show, prove, are
D. Something you: show, have, prove
Answer: B

61. - (Exam Topic 2)
The network administrator for a company is setting up a website with e-commerce capabilities. Packet
sniffing is a concern because credit card information will be sent electronically over the Internet. Customers
visiting the site will need to encrypt the data with HTTPS. Which type of certificate is used to encrypt and
decrypt the data?
A. Asymmetric
B. Confidential
C. Symmetric
D. Non-confidential
Answer: A

62. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which type of scan measures a person's external features through a digital video camera?
A. Iris scan
B. Retinal scan
C. Facial recognition scan
D. Signature kinetics scan
Answer: C

63. - (Exam Topic 2)
A computer science student needs to fill some information into a secured Adobe PDF job application that
was received from a prospective employer. Instead of requesting a new document that allowed the forms to
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

be completed, the student decides to write a script that pulls passwords from a list of commonly used
passwords to try against the secured PDF until the correct password is found or the list is exhausted.
Which cryptography attack is the student attempting?
A. Man-in-the-middle attack
B. Brute-force attack
C. Dictionary attack
D. Session hijacking
Answer: C

64. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which technical characteristic do Ethereal/Wireshark, TCPDump, and Snort have in common?
A. They are written in Java.
B. They send alerts to security monitors.
C. They use the same packet analysis engine.
D. They use the same packet capture utility.
Answer: D

65. - (Exam Topic 2)
When using Wireshark to acquire packet capture on a network, which device would enable the capture of
all traffic on the wire?
A. Network tap
B. Layer 3 switch
C. Network bridge
D. Application firewall
Answer: A

66. - (Exam Topic 2)
A penetration tester was hired to perform a penetration test for a bank. The tester began searching for IP
ranges owned by the bank, performing lookups on the bank's DNS servers, reading news articles online
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

about the bank, watching what times the bank employees come into work and leave from work, searching
the bank's job postings (paying special attention to IT related jobs), and visiting the local dumpster for the
bank's corporate office. What phase of the penetration test is the tester currently in?
A. Information reporting
B. Vulnerability assessment
C. Active information gathering
D. Passive information gathering
Answer: D

67. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following types of firewall inspects only header information in network traffic?
A. Packet filter
B. Stateful inspection
C. Circuit-level gateway
D. Application-level gateway
Answer: A

68. - (Exam Topic 2)
A penetration tester is hired to do a risk assessment of a company's DMZ. The rules of engagement states
that the penetration test be done from an external IP address with no prior knowledge of the internal IT
systems. What kind of test is being performed?
A. white box
B. grey box
C. red box
D. black box
Answer: D

69. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is an example of two factor authentication?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. PIN Number and Birth Date
B. Username and Password
C. Digital Certificate and Hardware Token
D. Fingerprint and Smartcard ID
Answer: D

70. - (Exam Topic 2)
What type of OS fingerprinting technique sends specially crafted packets to the remote OS and analyzes
the received response?
A. Passive
B. Reflective
C. Active
D. Distributive
Answer: C

71. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a component of a risk assessment?
A. Physical security
B. Administrative safeguards
C. DMZ
D. Logical interface
Answer: B

72. - (Exam Topic 2)
A company is using Windows Server 2003 for its Active Directory (AD). What is the most efficient way to
crack the passwords for the AD users?
A. Perform a dictionary attack.
B. Perform a brute force attack.
C. Perform an attack with a rainbow table.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Perform a hybrid attack.
Answer: C

73. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security engineer is attempting to map a company’s internal network. The engineer enters in the following
NMAP command:
NMAP –n –sS –P0 –p 80 ***.***.**.** What type of scan is this?
A. Quick scan
B. Intense scan
C. Stealth scan
D. Comprehensive scan
Answer: C

74. - (Exam Topic 2)
A Network Administrator was recently promoted to Chief Security Officer at a local university. One of
employee's new responsibilities is to manage the implementation of an RFID card access system to a new
server room on campus. The server room will house student enrollment information that is securely backed
up to an off-site location.
During a meeting with an outside consultant, the Chief Security Officer explains that he is concerned that
the existing security controls have not been designed properly. Currently, the Network Administrator is
responsible for approving and issuing RFID card access to the server room, as well as reviewing the
electronic access logs on a weekly basis.
Which of the following is an issue with the situation?
A. Segregation of duties
B. Undue influence
C. Lack of experience
D. Inadequate disaster recovery plan
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

75. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security consultant is trying to bid on a large contract that involves penetration testing and reporting. The
company accepting bids wants proof of work so the consultant prints out several audits that have been
performed. Which of the following is likely to occur as a result?
A. The consultant will ask for money on the bid because of great work.
B. The consultant may expose vulnerabilities of other companies.
C. The company accepting bids will want the same type of format of testing.
D. The company accepting bids will hire the consultant because of the great work performed.
Answer: B

76. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following lists are valid data-gathering activities associated with a risk assessment?
A. Threat identification, vulnerability identification, control analysis
B. Threat identification, response identification, mitigation identification
C. Attack profile, defense profile, loss profile
D. System profile, vulnerability identification, security determination
Answer: A

77. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following does proper basic configuration of snort as a network intrusion detection system
require?
A. Limit the packets captured to the snort configuration file.
B. Capture every packet on the network segment.
C. Limit the packets captured to a single segment.
D. Limit the packets captured to the /var/log/snort directory.
Answer: A

78. - (Exam Topic 2)
A company has hired a security administrator to maintain and administer Linux and Windows-based
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

systems. Written in the nightly report file is the following:
Firewall log files are at the expected value of 4 MB. The current time is 12am. Exactly two hours later the
size has decreased considerably. Another hour goes by and the log files have shrunk in size again.
Which of the following actions should the security administrator take?
A. Log the event as suspicious activity and report this behavior to the incident response team immediately.
B. Log the event as suspicious activity, call a manager, and report this as soon as possible.
C. Run an anti-virus scan because it is likely the system is infected by malware.
D. Log the event as suspicious activity, continue to investigate, and act according to the site's security
policy.
Answer: D

79. - (Exam Topic 2)
A circuit level gateway works at which of the following layers of the OSI Model?
A. Layer 5 - Application
B. Layer 4 – TCP
C. Layer 3 – Internet protocol
D. Layer 2 – Data link
Answer: B

80. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security analyst is performing an audit on the network to determine if there are any deviations from the
security policies in place. The analyst discovers that a user from the IT department had a dial-out modem
installed. Which security policy must the security analyst check to see if dial-out modems are allowed?
A. Firewall-management policy
B. Acceptable-use policy
C. Remote-access policy
D. Permissive policy
Answer: C

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

81. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the main reason the use of a stored biometric is vulnerable to an attack?
A. The digital representation of the biometric might not be unique, even if the physical characteristic is
unique.
B. Authentication using a stored biometric compares a copy to a copy instead of the original to a copy.
C. A stored biometric is no longer "something you are" and instead becomes "something you have".
D. A stored biometric can be stolen and used by an attacker to impersonate the individual identified by the
biometric.
Answer: D

82. - (Exam Topic 2)
A company firewall engineer has configured a new DMZ to allow public systems to be located away from
the internal network. The engineer has three security zones set:

The engineer wants to configure remote desktop access from a fixed IP on the remote network to a remote
desktop server in the DMZ. Which rule would best fit this requirement?
A. Permit 217.77.88.0/24 11.12.13.0/24 RDP 3389 B.

Permit 217.77.88.12 11.12.13.50 RDP 3389

C. Permit 217.77.88.12 11.12.13.0/24 RDP 3389
D.

Permit 217.77.88.0/24 11.12.13.50 RDP 3389

Answer: B

83. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following processes evaluates the adherence of an organization to its stated security policy?
A. Vulnerability assessment
B. Penetration testing
C. Risk assessment
D. Security auditing
Answer: D
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

84. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security engineer has been asked to deploy a secure remote access solution that will allow employees to
connect to the company’s internal network. Which of the following can be implemented to minimize the
opportunity for the man-in-the-middle attack to occur?
A. SSL
B. Mutual authentication
C. IPSec
D. Static IP addresses
Answer: C

85. - (Exam Topic 2)
From the two screenshots below, which of the following is occurring?

A. 10.0.0.253 is performing an IP scan against 10.0.0.0/24, 10.0.0.252 is performing a port scan against

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

10.0.0.2.
B. 10.0.0.253 is performing an IP scan against 10.0.0.2, 10.0.0.252 is performing a port scan against
10.0.0.2.
C. 10.0.0.2 is performing an IP scan against 10.0.0.0/24, 10.0.0.252 is performing a port scan against
10.0.0.2.
D. 10.0.0.252 is performing an IP scan against 10.0.0.2, 10.0.0.252 is performing a port scan against
10.0.0.2.
Answer: A

86. - (Exam Topic 2)
What information should an IT system analysis provide to the risk assessor?
A. Management buy-in
B. Threat statement
C. Security architecture
D. Impact analysis
Answer: C

87. - (Exam Topic 2)
The precaution of prohibiting employees from bringing personal computing devices into a facility is what
type of security control?
A. Physical
B. Procedural
C. Technical
D. Compliance
Answer: B

88. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which security control role does encryption meet?
A. Preventative
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Detective
C. Offensive
D. Defensive
Answer: A

89. - (Exam Topic 2)
In the software security development life cycle process, threat modeling occurs in which phase?
A. Design
B. Requirements
C. Verification
D. Implementation
Answer: A

90. - (Exam Topic 2)
To send a PGP encrypted message, which piece of information from the recipient must the sender have
before encrypting the message?
A. Recipient's private key
B. Recipient's public key
C. Master encryption key
D. Sender's public key
Answer: B

91. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following techniques will identify if computer files have been changed?
A. Network sniffing
B. Permission sets
C. Integrity checking hashes
D. Firewall alerts
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

92. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a client-server tool utilized to evade firewall inspection?
A. tcp-over-dns
B. kismet
C. nikto
D. hping
Answer: A

93. - (Exam Topic 2)
A company has five different subnets: 192.168.1.0, 192.168.2.0, 192.168.3.0, 192.168.4.0 and 192.168.5.0.
How can NMAP be used to scan these adjacent Class C networks?
A. NMAP -P 192.168.1-5.
B. NMAP -P 192.168.0.0/16
C. NMAP -P 192.168.1.0,2.0,3.0,4.0,5.0
D. NMAP -P 192.168.1/17
Answer: A

94. - (Exam Topic 2)
When utilizing technical assessment methods to assess the security posture of a network, which of the
following techniques would be most effective in determining whether end-user security training would be
beneficial?
A. Vulnerability scanning
B. Social engineering
C. Application security testing
D. Network sniffing
Answer: B

95. - (Exam Topic 2)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following is used to indicate a single-line comment in structured query language (SQL)?
A. B. ||
C. %%
D. ''
Answer: A

96. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following can the administrator do to verify that a tape backup can be recovered in its entirety?
A. Restore a random file.
B. Perform a full restore.
C. Read the first 512 bytes of the tape.
D. Read the last 512 bytes of the tape.
Answer: B
Explanation:
A full restore is required.

97. - (Exam Topic 2)
A tester has been using the msadc.pl attack script to execute arbitrary commands on a Windows NT4 web
server. While it is effective, the tester finds it tedious to perform extended functions. On further research,
the tester come across a perl script that runs the following msadc functions:

Which exploit is indicated by this script?
A. A buffer overflow exploit
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. A chained exploit
C. A SQL injection exploit
D. A denial of service exploit
Answer: B

98. - (Exam Topic 2)
A Security Engineer at a medium-sized accounting firm has been tasked with discovering how much
information can be obtained from the firm's public facing web servers. The engineer decides to start by
using netcat to port 80.
The engineer receives this output:

Which of the following is an example of what the engineer performed?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Banner grabbing
C. SQL injection
D. Whois database query
Answer: B

99. - (Exam Topic 2)
A botnet can be managed through which of the following?
A. IRC
B. E-Mail
C. Linkedin and Facebook
D. A vulnerable FTP server
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

100. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which type of access control is used on a router or firewall to limit network activity?
A. Mandatory
B. Discretionary
C. Rule-based
D. Role-based
Answer: C

101. - (Exam Topic 2)
When an alert rule is matched in a network-based IDS like snort, the IDS does which of the following?
A. Drops the packet and moves on to the next one
B. Continues to evaluate the packet until all rules are checked
C. Stops checking rules, sends an alert, and lets the packet continue
D. Blocks the connection with the source IP address in the packet
Answer: B

102. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which system consists of a publicly available set of databases that contain domain name registration
contact information?
A. WHOIS
B. IANA
C. CAPTCHA
D. IETF
Answer: A

103. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is a symmetric cryptographic standard?
A. DSA
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. PKI
C. RSA
D. 3DES
Answer: D

104. - (Exam Topic 2)
What statement is true regarding LM hashes?
A. LM hashes consist in 48 hexadecimal characters.
B. LM hashes are based on AES128 cryptographic standard.
C. Uppercase characters in the password are converted to lowercase.
D. LM hashes are not generated when the password length exceeds 15 characters.
Answer: D

105. - (Exam Topic 2)
Pentest results indicate that voice over IP traffic is traversing a network. Which of the following tools will
decode a packet capture and extract the voice conversations?
A. Cain
B. John the Ripper
C. Nikto
D. Hping
Answer: A

106. - (Exam Topic 2)
During a penetration test, a tester finds that the web application being analyzed is vulnerable to Cross Site
Scripting (XSS). Which of the following conditions must be met to exploit this vulnerability?
A. The web application does not have the secure flag set.
B. The session cookies do not have the HttpOnly flag set.
C. The victim user should not have an endpoint security solution.
D. The victim's browser must have ActiveX technology enabled.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: B

107. - (Exam Topic 2)
How can rainbow tables be defeated?
A. Password salting
B. Use of non-dictionary words
C. All uppercase character passwords
D. Lockout accounts under brute force password cracking attempts
Answer: A

108. - (Exam Topic 2)
If the final set of security controls does not eliminate all risk in a system, what could be done next?
A. Continue to apply controls until there is zero risk.
B. Ignore any remaining risk.
C. If the residual risk is low enough, it can be accepted.
D. Remove current controls since they are not completely effective.
Answer: C

109. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which solution can be used to emulate computer services, such as mail and ftp, and to capture information
related to logins or actions?
A. Firewall
B. Honeypot
C. Core server
D. Layer 4 switch
Answer: B

110. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which tool would be used to collect wireless packet data?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. NetStumbler
B. John the Ripper
C. Nessus
D. Netcat
Answer: A

111. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the broadcast address for the subnet 190.86.168.0/22?
A. 190.86.168.255
B. 190.86.255.255
C. 190.86.171.255
D. 190.86.169.255
Answer: C

112. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following describes the characteristics of a Boot Sector Virus?
A. Moves the MBR to another location on the RAM and copies itself to the original location of the MBR
B. Moves the MBR to another location on the hard disk and copies itself to the original location of the MBR
C. Modifies directory table entries so that directory entries point to the virus code instead of the actual
program
D. Overwrites the original MBR and only executes the new virus code
Answer: B
Explanation:
A boot sector virus is a computer virus that infects a storage device's master boot record (MBR). The virus
moves the boot sector to another location on the hard drive.
References: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/26655/boot-sector-virus

113. - (Exam Topic 2)
A tester has been hired to do a web application security test. The tester notices that the site is dynamic and
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

must make use of a back end database.
In order for the tester to see if SQL injection is possible, what is the first character that the tester should use
to attempt breaking a valid SQL request?
A. Semicolon
B. Single quote
C. Exclamation mark
D. Double quote
Answer: B

114. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following programming languages is most vulnerable to buffer overflow attacks?
A. Perl
B. C++
C. Python
D. Java
Answer: B

115. - (Exam Topic 2)
One advantage of an application-level firewall is the ability to
A. filter packets at the network level.
B. filter specific commands, such as http:post.
C. retain state information for each packet.
D. monitor tcp handshaking.
Answer: B

116. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following is an application that requires a host application for replication?
A. Micro
B. Worm
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Trojan
D. Virus
Answer: D
Explanation:
Computer viruses infect a variety of different subsystems on their hosts. A computer virus is a malware that,
when executed, replicates by reproducing itself or infecting other programs by modifying them. Infecting
computer programs can include as well, data files, or the boot sector of the hard drive. When this replication
succeeds, the affected areas are then said to be "infected".
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_virus

117. - (Exam Topic 2)
In order to show improvement of security over time, what must be developed?
A. Reports
B. Testing tools
C. Metrics
D. Taxonomy of vulnerabilities
Answer: C
Explanation:
Today, management demands metrics to get a clearer view of security.
Metrics that measure participation, effectiveness, and window of exposure, however, offer information the
organization can use to make plans and improve programs.
References:
http://www.infoworld.com/article/2974642/security/4-security-metrics-that-matter.html

118. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following tools will scan a network to perform vulnerability checks and compliance auditing?
A. NMAP
B. Metasploit
C. Nessus
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. BeEF
Answer: C

119. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which type of scan is used on the eye to measure the layer of blood vessels?
A. Facial recognition scan
B. Retinal scan
C. Iris scan
D. Signature kinetics scan
Answer: B

120. - (Exam Topic 2)
WPA2 uses AES for wireless data encryption at which of the following encryption levels?
A. 64 bit and CCMP
B. 128 bit and CRC
C. 128 bit and CCMP
D. 128 bit and TKIP
Answer: C

121. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the main disadvantage of the scripting languages as opposed to compiled programming
languages?
A. Scripting languages are hard to learn.
B. Scripting languages are not object-oriented.
C. Scripting languages cannot be used to create graphical user interfaces.
D. Scripting languages are slower because they require an interpreter to run the code.
Answer: D

122. - (Exam Topic 2)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

While conducting a penetration test, the tester determines that there is a firewall between the tester's
machine and the target machine. The firewall is only monitoring TCP handshaking of packets at the session
layer of the OSI model. Which type of firewall is the tester trying to traverse?
A. Packet filtering firewall
B. Application-level firewall
C. Circuit-level gateway firewall
D. Stateful multilayer inspection firewall
Answer: C

123. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following conditions must be given to allow a tester to exploit a Cross-Site Request Forgery
(CSRF) vulnerable web application?
A. The victim user must open the malicious link with an Internet Explorer prior to version 8.
B. The session cookies generated by the application do not have the HttpOnly flag set.
C. The victim user must open the malicious link with a Firefox prior to version 3.
D. The web application should not use random tokens.
Answer: D

124. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the main advantage that a network-based IDS/IPS system has over a host-based solution?
A. They do not use host system resources.
B. They are placed at the boundary, allowing them to inspect all traffic.
C. They are easier to install and configure.
D. They will not interfere with user interfaces.
Answer: A

125. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which protocol and port number might be needed in order to send log messages to a log analysis tool that
resides behind a firewall?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. UDP 123
B. UDP 541
C. UDP 514
D. UDP 415
Answer: C

126. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the outcome of the comm”nc -l -p 2222 | nc 10.1.0.43 1234"?
A. Netcat will listen on the 10.1.0.43 interface for 1234 seconds on port 2222.
B. Netcat will listen on port 2222 and output anything received to a remote connection on 10.1.0.43 port
1234.
C. Netcat will listen for a connection from 10.1.0.43 on port 1234 and output anything received to port 2222.
D. Netcat will listen on port 2222 and then output anything received to local interface 10.1.0.43.
Answer: B

127. - (Exam Topic 2)
An attacker has been successfully modifying the purchase price of items purchased on the company's web
site. The security administrators verify the web server and Oracle database have not been compromised
directly. They have also verified the Intrusion Detection System (IDS) logs and found no attacks that could
have caused this. What is the mostly likely way the attacker has been able to modify the purchase price?
A. By using SQL injection
B. By changing hidden form values
C. By using cross site scripting
D. By utilizing a buffer overflow attack
Answer: B

128. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following identifies the three modes in which Snort can be configured to run?
A. Sniffer, Packet Logger, and Network Intrusion Detection System
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Sniffer, Network Intrusion Detection System, and Host Intrusion Detection System
C. Sniffer, Host Intrusion Prevention System, and Network Intrusion Prevention System
D. Sniffer, Packet Logger, and Host Intrusion Prevention System
Answer: A

129. - (Exam Topic 2)
How is sniffing broadly categorized?
A. Active and passive
B. Broadcast and unicast
C. Unmanaged and managed
D. Filtered and unfiltered
Answer: A

130. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following parameters enables NMAP's operating system detection feature?
A. NMAP -sV
B. NMAP -oS
C. NMAP -sR
D. NMAP -O
Answer: D

131. - (Exam Topic 2)
A person approaches a network administrator and wants advice on how to send encrypted email from
home. The end user does not want to have to pay for any license fees or manage server services. Which of
the following is the most secure encryption protocol that the network administrator should recommend?
A. IP Security (IPSEC)
B. Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME)
C. Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
D. Hyper Text Transfer Protocol with Secure Socket Layer (HTTPS)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

132. - (Exam Topic 2)
An engineer is learning to write exploits in C++ and is using the exploit tool Backtrack. The engineer wants
to compile the newest C++ exploit and name it calc.exe. Which command would the engineer use to
accomplish this?
A. g++ hackersExploit.cpp -o calc.exe
B. g++ hackersExploit.py -o calc.exe
C. g++ -i hackersExploit.pl -o calc.exe
D. g++ --compile –i hackersExploit.cpp -o calc.exe
Answer: A

133. - (Exam Topic 2)
How can a rootkit bypass Windows 7 operating system’s kernel mode, code signing policy?
A. Defeating the scanner from detecting any code change at the kernel
B. Replacing patch system calls with its own version that hides the rootkit (attacker's) actions
C. Performing common services for the application process and replacing real applications with fake ones
D. Attaching itself to the master boot record in a hard drive and changing the machine's boot
sequence/options
Answer: D

134. - (Exam Topic 2)
While performing data validation of web content, a security technician is required to restrict malicious input.
Which of the following processes is an efficient way of restricting malicious input?
A. Validate web content input for query strings.
B. Validate web content input with scanning tools.
C. Validate web content input for type, length, and range.
D. Validate web content input for extraneous queries.
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

135. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which tool can be used to silently copy files from USB devices?
A. USB Grabber
B. USB Dumper
C. USB Sniffer
D. USB Snoopy
Answer: B

136. - (Exam Topic 2)
A newly discovered flaw in a software application would be considered which kind of security vulnerability?
A. Input validation flaw
B. HTTP header injection vulnerability
C. 0-day vulnerability
D. Time-to-check to time-to-use flaw
Answer: C

137. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following techniques does a vulnerability scanner use in order to detect a vulnerability on a
target service?
A. Port scanning
B. Banner grabbing
C. Injecting arbitrary data
D. Analyzing service response
Answer: D

138. - (Exam Topic 2)
Windows file servers commonly hold sensitive files, databases, passwords and more. Which of the
following choices would be a common vulnerability that usually exposes them?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Cross-site scripting
B. SQL injection
C. Missing patches
D. CRLF injection
Answer: C

139. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which command line switch would be used in NMAP to perform operating system detection?
A. -OS
B. -sO
C. -sP
D. -O
Answer: D

140. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following programs is usually targeted at Microsoft Office products?
A. Polymorphic virus
B. Multipart virus
C. Macro virus
D. Stealth virus
Answer: C
Explanation:
A macro virus is a virus that is written in a macro language: a programming language which is embedded
inside a software application (e.g., word processors and spreadsheet applications). Some applications,
such as Microsoft Office, allow macro programs to be embedded in documents such that the macros are
run automatically when the document is opened, and this provides a distinct mechanism by which malicious
computer instructions can spread.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macro_virus

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

141. - (Exam Topic 2)
One way to defeat a multi-level security solution is to leak data via
A. a bypass regulator.
B. steganography.
C. a covert channel.
D. asymmetric routing.
Answer: C

142. - (Exam Topic 2)
A security consultant decides to use multiple layers of anti-virus defense, such as end user desktop
anti-virus and E-mail gateway. This approach can be used to mitigate which kind of attack?
A. Forensic attack
B. ARP spoofing attack
C. Social engineering attack
D. Scanning attack
Answer: C

143. - (Exam Topic 2)
Firewalk has just completed the second phase (the scanning phase) and a technician receives the output
shown below. What conclusions can be drawn based on these scan results?

A. The firewall itself is blocking ports 21 through 23 and a service is listening on port 23 of the target host.
B. The lack of response from ports 21 and 22 indicate that those services are not running on the destination
server.
C. The scan on port 23 passed through the filtering device. This indicates that port 23 was not blocked at
the firewall.
D. The scan on port 23 was able to make a connection to the destination host prompting the firewall to
respond with a TTL error.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

144. - (Exam Topic 2)
A hacker, who posed as a heating and air conditioning specialist, was able to install a sniffer program in a
switched environment network. Which attack could the hacker use to sniff all of the packets in the network?
A. Fraggle
B. MAC Flood
C. Smurf
D. Tear Drop
Answer: B

145. - (Exam Topic 2)
A company has publicly hosted web applications and an internal Intranet protected by a firewall. Which
technique will help protect against enumeration?
A. Reject all invalid email received via SMTP.
B. Allow full DNS zone transfers.
C. Remove A records for internal hosts.
D. Enable null session pipes.
Answer: C

146. - (Exam Topic 2)
An NMAP scan of a server shows port 69 is open. What risk could this pose?
A. Unauthenticated access
B. Weak SSL version
C. Cleartext login
D. Web portal data leak
Answer: A

147. - (Exam Topic 2)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following is a hardware requirement that either an IDS/IPS system or a proxy server must
have in order to properly function?
A. Fast processor to help with network traffic analysis
B. They must be dual-homed
C. Similar RAM requirements
D. Fast network interface cards
Answer: B
Explanation:
Dual-homed or dual-homing can refer to either an Ethernet device that has more than one network interface,
for redundancy purposes, or in firewall technology, dual-homed is one of the firewall architectures, such as
an IDS/IPS system, for implementing preventive security.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual-homed

148. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the main difference between a “Normal” SQL Injection and a “Blind” SQL Injection vulnerability?
A. The request to the web server is not visible to the administrator of the vulnerable application.
B. The attack is called “Blind” because, although the application properly filters user input, it is still
vulnerable to code injection.
C. The successful attack does not show an error message to the administrator of the affected application.
D. The vulnerable application does not display errors with information about the injection results to the
attacker.
Answer: D

149. - (Exam Topic 2)
During a wireless penetration test, a tester detects an access point using WPA2 encryption. Which of the
following attacks should be used to obtain the key?
A. The tester must capture the WPA2 authentication handshake and then crack it.
B. The tester must use the tool inSSIDer to crack it using the ESSID of the network.
C. The tester cannot crack WPA2 because it is in full compliance with the IEEE 802.11i standard.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. The tester must change the MAC address of the wireless network card and then use the AirTraf tool to
obtain the key.
Answer: A

150. - (Exam Topic 2)
Bluetooth uses which digital modulation technique to exchange information between paired devices?
A. PSK (phase-shift keying)
B. FSK (frequency-shift keying)
C. ASK (amplitude-shift keying)
D. QAM (quadrature amplitude modulation)
Answer: A
Explanation:
Phase shift keying is the form of Bluetooth modulation used to enable the higher data rates achievable with
Bluetooth 2 EDR (Enhanced Data Rate). Two forms of PSK are used: /4 DQPSK, and 8DPSK.
References:
http://www.radio-electronics.com/info/wireless/bluetooth/radio-interface-modulation.php

151. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which command lets a tester enumerate alive systems in a class C network via ICMP using native
Windows tools?
A. ping 192.168.2.
B. ping 192.168.2.255
C. for %V in (1 1 255) do PING 192.168.2.%V
D. for /L %V in (1 1 254) do PING -n 1 192.168.2.%V | FIND /I "Reply"
Answer: D

152. - (Exam Topic 2)
The use of alert thresholding in an IDS can reduce the volume of repeated alerts, but introduces which of
the following vulnerabilities?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. An attacker, working slowly enough, can evade detection by the IDS.
B. Network packets are dropped if the volume exceeds the threshold.
C. Thresholding interferes with the IDS’ ability to reassemble fragmented packets.
D. The IDS will not distinguish among packets originating from different sources.
Answer: A

153. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following open source tools would be the best choice to scan a network for potential targets?
A. NMAP
B. NIKTO
C. CAIN
D. John the Ripper
Answer: A

154. - (Exam Topic 2)
An attacker uses a communication channel within an operating system that is neither designed nor
intended to transfer information. What is the name of the communications channel?
A. Classified
B. Overt
C. Encrypted
D. Covert
Answer: D

155. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the name of the international standard that establishes a baseline level of confidence in the security
functionality of IT products by providing a set of requirements for evaluation?
A. Blue Book
B. ISO 26029
C. Common Criteria
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. The Wassenaar Agreement
Answer: C

156. - (Exam Topic 2)
A penetration tester is attempting to scan an internal corporate network from the internet without alerting
the border sensor. Which is the most efficient technique should the tester consider using?
A. Spoofing an IP address
B. Tunneling scan over SSH
C. Tunneling over high port numbers
D. Scanning using fragmented IP packets
Answer: B

157. - (Exam Topic 2)
A pentester gains access to a Windows application server and needs to determine the settings of the
built-in Windows firewall. Which command would be used?
A. Netsh firewall show config
B. WMIC firewall show config
C. Net firewall show config
D. Ipconfig firewall show config
Answer: A

158. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which tool is used to automate SQL injections and exploit a database by forcing a given web application to
connect to another database controlled by a hacker?
A. DataThief
B. NetCat
C. Cain and Abel
D. SQLInjector
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

159. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which statement is TRUE regarding network firewalls preventing Web Application attacks?
A. Network firewalls can prevent attacks because they can detect malicious HTTP traffic.
B. Network firewalls cannot prevent attacks because ports 80 and 443 must be opened.
C. Network firewalls can prevent attacks if they are properly configured.
D. Network firewalls cannot prevent attacks because they are too complex to configure.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Network layer firewalls, also called packet filters, operate at a relatively low level of the TCP/IP protocol
stack, not allowing packets to pass through the firewall unless they match the established rule set. To
prevent Web Application attacks an Application layer firewall would be required.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firewall_(computing)#Network_layer_or_packet_filters

160. - (Exam Topic 2)
A pentester is using Metasploit to exploit an FTP server and pivot to a LAN. How will the pentester pivot
using Metasploit?
A. Issue the pivot exploit and set the meterpreter.
B. Reconfigure the network settings in the meterpreter.
C. Set the payload to propagate through the meterpreter.
D. Create a route statement in the meterpreter.
Answer: D

161. - (Exam Topic 2)
A covert channel is a channel that
A. transfers information over, within a computer system, or network that is outside of the security policy.
B. transfers information over, within a computer system, or network that is within the security policy.
C. transfers information via a communication path within a computer system, or network for transfer of data.
D. transfers information over, within a computer system, or network that is encrypted.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

162. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which type of intrusion detection system can monitor and alert on attacks, but cannot stop them?
A. Detective
B. Passive
C. Intuitive
D. Reactive
Answer: B

163. - (Exam Topic 2)
Smart cards use which protocol to transfer the certificate in a secure manner?
A. Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP)
B. Point to Point Protocol (PPP)
C. Point to Point Tunneling Protocol (PPTP)
D. Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol (L2TP)
Answer: A

164. - (Exam Topic 2)
A bank stores and processes sensitive privacy information related to home loans. However, auditing has
never been enabled on the system. What is the first step that the bank should take before enabling the audit
feature?
A. Perform a vulnerability scan of the system.
B. Determine the impact of enabling the audit feature.
C. Perform a cost/benefit analysis of the audit feature.
D. Allocate funds for staffing of audit log review.
Answer: B

165. - (Exam Topic 2)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

The following is a sample of output from a penetration tester's machine targeting a machine with the IP
address of 192.168.1.106:

What is most likely taking place?
A. Ping sweep of the 192.168.1.106 network
B. Remote service brute force attempt
C. Port scan of 192.168.1.106
D. Denial of service attack on 192.168.1.106
Answer: B

166. - (Exam Topic 2)
What is the correct PCAP filter to capture all TCP traffic going to or from host 192.168.0.125 on port 25?
A. tcp.src == 25 and ip.host == 192.168.0.125
B. host 192.168.0.125:25
C. port 25 and host 192.168.0.125
D. tcp.port == 25 and ip.host == 192.168.0.125
Answer: D

167. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which NMAP command combination would let a tester scan every TCP port from a class C network that is
blocking ICMP with fingerprinting and service detection?
A. NMAP -PN -A -O -sS 192.168.2.0/24
B. NMAP -P0 -A -O -p1-65535 192.168.0/24
C. NMAP -P0 -A -sT -p0-65535 192.168.0/16
D. NMAP -PN -O -sS -p 1-1024 192.168.0/8

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: B

168. - (Exam Topic 2)
What results will the following command yield: 'NMAP -sS -O -p 123-153 192.168.100.3'?
A. A stealth scan, opening port 123 and 153
B. A stealth scan, checking open ports 123 to 153
C. A stealth scan, checking all open ports excluding ports 123 to 153
D. A stealth scan, determine operating system, and scanning ports 123 to 153
Answer: D

169. - (Exam Topic 2)
Which of the following scanning tools is specifically designed to find potential exploits in Microsoft Windows
products?
A. Microsoft Security Baseline Analyzer
B. Retina
C. Core Impact
D. Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer
Answer: D

Topic 3, Exam Pool C
1. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following processes of PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) ensures that a trust relationship exists
and that a certificate is still valid for specific operations?
A. Certificate issuance
B. Certificate validation
C. Certificate cryptography
D. Certificate revocation
Answer: B

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

2. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following is a common Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) vulnerability?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. SQL injection
C. VPath injection
D. XML denial of service issues
Answer: D

3. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following levels of algorithms does Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) use?
A. RSA 1024 bit strength
B. AES 1024 bit strength
C. RSA 512 bit strength
D. AES 512 bit strength
Answer: A

4. - (Exam Topic 3)
An attacker sniffs encrypted traffic from the network and is subsequently able to decrypt it. The attacker can
now use which cryptanalytic technique to attempt to discover the encryption key?
A. Birthday attack
B. Plaintext attack
C. Meet in the middle attack
D. Chosen ciphertext attack
Answer: D

5. - (Exam Topic 3)
Employees in a company are no longer able to access Internet web sites on their computers. The network
administrator is able to successfully ping IP address of web servers on the Internet and is able to open web
sites by using an IP address in place of the URL. The administrator runs the nslookup command for
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

www.eccouncil.org and receives an error message stating there is no response from the server. What
should the administrator do next?
A. Configure the firewall to allow traffic on TCP ports 53 and UDP port 53.
B. Configure the firewall to allow traffic on TCP ports 80 and UDP port 443.
C. Configure the firewall to allow traffic on TCP port 53.
D. Configure the firewall to allow traffic on TCP port 8080.
Answer: A

6. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following network attacks relies on sending an abnormally large packet size that exceeds
TCP/IP specifications?
A. Ping of death
B. SYN flooding
C. TCP hijacking
D. Smurf attack
Answer: A

7. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following tools would be the best choice for achieving compliance with PCI Requirement 11?
A. Truecrypt
B. Sub7
C. Nessus
D. Clamwin
Answer: C

8. - (Exam Topic 3)
While testing the company's web applications, a tester attempts to insert the following test script into the
search area on the company's web site:
<script>alert(" Testing Testing Testing ")</script>
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Afterwards, when the tester presses the search button, a pop-up box appears on the screen with the text:
"Testing Testing Testing". Which vulnerability has been detected in the web application?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Cross-site request forgery
C. Distributed denial of service
D. Cross-site scripting
Answer: D

9. - (Exam Topic 3)
The fundamental difference between symmetric and asymmetric key cryptographic systems is that
symmetric key cryptography uses which of the following?
A. Multiple keys for non-repudiation of bulk data
B. Different keys on both ends of the transport medium
C. Bulk encryption for data transmission over fiber
D. The same key on each end of the transmission medium
Answer: D

10. - (Exam Topic 3)
In the OSI model, where does PPTP encryption take place?
A. Transport layer
B. Application layer
C. Data link layer
D. Network layer
Answer: C

11. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which NMAP feature can a tester implement or adjust while scanning for open ports to avoid detection by
the network’s IDS?
A. Timing options to slow the speed that the port scan is conducted
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Fingerprinting to identify which operating systems are running on the network
C. ICMP ping sweep to determine which hosts on the network are not available
D. Traceroute to control the path of the packets sent during the scan
Answer: A

12. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following can take an arbitrary length of input and produce a message digest output of 160 bit?
A. SHA-1
B. MD5
C. HAVAL
D. MD4
Answer: A

13. - (Exam Topic 3)
What is the primary drawback to using advanced encryption standard (AES) algorithm with a 256 bit key to
share sensitive data?
A. Due to the key size, the time it will take to encrypt and decrypt the message hinders efficient
communication.
B. To get messaging programs to function with this algorithm requires complex configurations.
C. It has been proven to be a weak cipher; therefore, should not be trusted to protect sensitive data.
D. It is a symmetric key algorithm, meaning each recipient must receive the key through a different channel
than the message.
Answer: D

14. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following network attacks takes advantage of weaknesses in the fragment reassembly
functionality of the TCP/IP protocol stack?
A. Teardrop
B. SYN flood
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Smurf attack
D. Ping of death
Answer: A

15. - (Exam Topic 3)
A certified ethical hacker (CEH) completed a penetration test of the main headquarters of a company
almost two months ago, but has yet to get paid. The customer is suffering from financial problems, and the
CEH is worried that the company will go out of business and end up not paying. What actions should the
CEH take?
A. Threaten to publish the penetration test results if not paid.
B. Follow proper legal procedures against the company to request payment.
C. Tell other customers of the financial problems with payments from this company.
D. Exploit some of the vulnerabilities found on the company webserver to deface it.
Answer: B

16. - (Exam Topic 3)
International Organization for Standardization (ISO) standard 27002 provides guidance for compliance by
outlining
A. guidelines and practices for security controls.
B. financial soundness and business viability metrics.
C. standard best practice for configuration management.
D. contract agreement writing standards.
Answer: A

17. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following describes a component of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) where a copy of a private
key is stored to provide third-party access and to facilitate recovery operations?
A. Key registry
B. Recovery agent
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Directory
D. Key escrow
Answer: D

18. - (Exam Topic 3)
How can a policy help improve an employee's security awareness?
A. By implementing written security procedures, enabling employee security training, and promoting the
benefits of security
B. By using informal networks of communication, establishing secret passing procedures, and immediately
terminating employees
C. By sharing security secrets with employees, enabling employees to share secrets, and establishing a
consultative help line
D. By decreasing an employee's vacation time, addressing ad-hoc employment clauses, and ensuring that
managers know employee strengths
Answer: A

19. - (Exam Topic 3)
If a tester is attempting to ping a target that exists but receives no response or a response that states the
destination is unreachable, ICMP may be disabled and the network may be using TCP. Which other option
could the tester use to get a response from a host using TCP?
A. Hping
B. Traceroute
C. TCP ping
D. Broadcast ping
Answer: A

20. - (Exam Topic 3)
What are the three types of compliance that the Open Source Security Testing Methodology Manual
(OSSTMM) recognizes?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Legal, performance, audit
B. Audit, standards based, regulatory
C. Contractual, regulatory, industry
D. Legislative, contractual, standards based
Answer: D

21. - (Exam Topic 3)
An attacker has captured a target file that is encrypted with public key cryptography. Which of the attacks
below is likely to be used to crack the target file?
A. Timing attack
B. Replay attack
C. Memory trade-off attack
D. Chosen plain-text attack
Answer: D

22. - (Exam Topic 3)
When setting up a wireless network, an administrator enters a pre-shared key for security. Which of the
following is true?
A. The key entered is a symmetric key used to encrypt the wireless data.
B. The key entered is a hash that is used to prove the integrity of the wireless data.
C. The key entered is based on the Diffie-Hellman method.
D. The key is an RSA key used to encrypt the wireless data.
Answer: A

23. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which statement best describes a server type under an N-tier architecture?
A. A group of servers at a specific layer
B. A single server with a specific role
C. A group of servers with a unique role
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. A single server at a specific layer
Answer: C

24. - (Exam Topic 3)
SOAP services use which technology to format information?
A. SATA
B. PCI
C. XML
D. ISDN
Answer: C

25. - (Exam Topic 3)
A network security administrator is worried about potential man-in-the-middle attacks when users access a
corporate web site from their workstations. Which of the following is the best remediation against this type
of attack?
A. Implementing server-side PKI certificates for all connections
B. Mandating only client-side PKI certificates for all connections
C. Requiring client and server PKI certificates for all connections
D. Requiring strong authentication for all DNS queries
Answer: C

26. - (Exam Topic 3)
When comparing the testing methodologies of Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) and Open
Source Security Testing Methodology Manual (OSSTMM) the main difference is
A. OWASP is for web applications and OSSTMM does not include web applications.
B. OSSTMM is gray box testing and OWASP is black box testing.
C. OWASP addresses controls and OSSTMM does not.
D. OSSTMM addresses controls and OWASP does not.
Answer: D
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

27. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which element of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) verifies the applicant?
A. Certificate authority
B. Validation authority
C. Registration authority
D. Verification authority
Answer: C

28. - (Exam Topic 3)
A technician is resolving an issue where a computer is unable to connect to the Internet using a wireless
access point. The computer is able to transfer files locally to other machines, but cannot successfully reach
the Internet. When the technician examines the IP address and default gateway they are both on the
192.168.1.0/24. Which of the following has occurred?
A. The gateway is not routing to a public IP address.
B. The computer is using an invalid IP address.
C. The gateway and the computer are not on the same network.
D. The computer is not using a private IP address.
Answer: A

29. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which cipher encrypts the plain text digit (bit or byte) one by one?
A. Classical cipher
B. Block cipher
C. Modern cipher
D. Stream cipher
Answer: D

30. - (Exam Topic 3)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which security strategy requires using several, varying methods to protect IT systems against attacks?
A. Defense in depth
B. Three-way handshake
C. Covert channels
D. Exponential backoff algorithm
Answer: A

31. - (Exam Topic 3)
Advanced encryption standard is an algorithm used for which of the following?
A. Data integrity
B. Key discovery
C. Bulk data encryption
D. Key recovery
Answer: C

32. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which type of security document is written with specific step-by-step details?
A. Process
B. Procedure
C. Policy
D. Paradigm
Answer: B

33. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which initial procedure should an ethical hacker perform after being brought into an organization?
A. Begin security testing.
B. Turn over deliverables.
C. Sign a formal contract with non-disclosure.
D. Assess what the organization is trying to protect.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

34. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which vital role does the U.S. Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT) provide?
A. Incident response services to any user, company, government agency, or organization in partnership
with the Department of Homeland Security
B. Maintenance of the nation’s Internet infrastructure, builds out new Internet infrastructure, and
decommissions old Internet infrastructure
C. Registration of critical penetration testing for the Department of Homeland Security and public and
private sectors
D. Measurement of key vulnerability assessments on behalf of the Department of Defense (DOD) and State
Department, as well as private sectors
Answer: A

35. - (Exam Topic 3)
When does the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) require organizations to perform
external and internal penetration testing?
A. At least once a year and after any significant upgrade or modification
B. At least once every three years or after any significant upgrade or modification
C. At least twice a year or after any significant upgrade or modification
D. At least once every two years and after any significant upgrade or modification
Answer: A

36. - (Exam Topic 3)
A computer technician is using a new version of a word processing software package when it is discovered
that a special sequence of characters causes the entire computer to crash. The technician researches the
bug and discovers that no one else experienced the problem. What is the appropriate next step?
A. Ignore the problem completely and let someone else deal with it.
B. Create a document that will crash the computer when opened and send it to friends.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Find an underground bulletin board and attempt to sell the bug to the highest bidder.
D. Notify the vendor of the bug and do not disclose it until the vendor gets a chance to issue a fix.
Answer: D

37. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following is an example of IP spoofing?
A. SQL injections
B. Man-in-the-middle
C. Cross-site scripting
D. ARP poisoning
Answer: B

38. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following ensures that updates to policies, procedures, and configurations are made in a
controlled and documented fashion?
A. Regulatory compliance
B. Peer review
C. Change management
D. Penetration testing
Answer: C

39. - (Exam Topic 3)
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) testing methodology addresses the need to secure
web applications by providing which one of the following services?
A. An extensible security framework named COBIT
B. A list of flaws and how to fix them
C. Web application patches
D. A security certification for hardened web applications
Answer: B
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

40. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following is an advantage of utilizing security testing methodologies to conduct a security
audit?
A. They provide a repeatable framework.
B. Anyone can run the command line scripts.
C. They are available at low cost.
D. They are subject to government regulation.
Answer: A

41. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following is a primary service of the U.S. Computer Security Incident Response Team
(CSIRT)?
A. CSIRT provides an incident response service to enable a reliable and trusted single point of contact for
reporting computer security incidents worldwide.
B. CSIRT provides a computer security surveillance service to supply a government with important
intelligence information on individuals travelling abroad.
C. CSIRT provides a penetration testing service to support exception reporting on incidents worldwide by
individuals and multi-national corporations.
D. CSIRT provides a vulnerability assessment service to assist law enforcement agencies with profiling an
individual's property or company's asset.
Answer: A

42. - (Exam Topic 3)
For messages sent through an insecure channel, a properly implemented digital signature gives the
receiver reason to believe the message was sent by the claimed sender. While using a digital signature, the
message digest is encrypted with which key?
A. Sender's public key
B. Receiver's private key
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Receiver's public key
D. Sender's private key
Answer: D

43. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following descriptions is true about a static NAT?
A. A static NAT uses a many-to-many mapping.
B. A static NAT uses a one-to-many mapping.
C. A static NAT uses a many-to-one mapping.
D. A static NAT uses a one-to-one mapping.
Answer: D

44. - (Exam Topic 3)
An ethical hacker for a large security research firm performs penetration tests, vulnerability tests, and risk
assessments. A friend recently started a company and asks the hacker to perform a penetration test and
vulnerability assessment of the new company as a favor. What should the hacker's next step be before
starting work on this job?
A. Start by foot printing the network and mapping out a plan of attack.
B. Ask the employer for authorization to perform the work outside the company.
C. Begin the reconnaissance phase with passive information gathering and then move into active
information gathering.
D. Use social engineering techniques on the friend's employees to help identify areas that may be
susceptible to attack.
Answer: B

45. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which United States legislation mandates that the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial
Officer (CFO) must sign statements verifying the completeness and accuracy of financial reports?
A. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA)
C. Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act (FACTA)
D. Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA)
Answer: A

46. - (Exam Topic 3)
If an e-commerce site was put into a live environment and the programmers failed to remove the secret
entry point that was used during the application development, what is this secret entry point known as?
A. SDLC process
B. Honey pot
C. SQL injection
D. Trap door
Answer: D

47. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following items is unique to the N-tier architecture method of designing software applications?
A. Application layers can be separated, allowing each layer to be upgraded independently from other
layers.
B. It is compatible with various databases including Access, Oracle, and SQL.
C. Data security is tied into each layer and must be updated for all layers when any upgrade is performed.
D. Application layers can be written in C, ASP.NET, or Delphi without any performance loss.
Answer: A

48. - (Exam Topic 3)
The intrusion detection system at a software development company suddenly generates multiple alerts
regarding attacks against the company's external webserver, VPN concentrator, and DNS servers. What
should the security team do to determine which alerts to check first?
A. Investigate based on the maintenance schedule of the affected systems.
B. Investigate based on the service level agreements of the systems.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Investigate based on the potential effect of the incident.
D. Investigate based on the order that the alerts arrived in.
Answer: C

49. - (Exam Topic 3)
A certified ethical hacker (CEH) is approached by a friend who believes her husband is cheating. She offers
to pay to break into her husband's email account in order to find proof so she can take him to court. What is
the ethical response?
A. Say no; the friend is not the owner of the account.
B. Say yes; the friend needs help to gather evidence.
C. Say yes; do the job for free.
D. Say no; make sure that the friend knows the risk she’s asking the CEH to take.
Answer: A

50. - (Exam Topic 3)
To reduce the attack surface of a system, administrators should perform which of the following processes to
remove unnecessary software, services, and insecure configuration settings?
A. Harvesting
B. Windowing
C. Hardening
D. Stealthing
Answer: C

51. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following is optimized for confidential communications, such as bidirectional voice and video?
A. RC4
B. RC5
C. MD4
D. MD5
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

52. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following defines the role of a root Certificate Authority (CA) in a Public Key Infrastructure
(PKI)?
A. The root CA is the recovery agent used to encrypt data when a user's certificate is lost.
B. The root CA stores the user's hash value for safekeeping.
C. The CA is the trusted root that issues certificates.
D. The root CA is used to encrypt email messages to prevent unintended disclosure of data.
Answer: C

53. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following algorithms provides better protection against brute force attacks by using a 160-bit
message digest?
A. MD5
B. SHA-1
C. RC4
D. MD4
Answer: B

54. - (Exam Topic 3)
An IT security engineer notices that the company’s web server is currently being hacked. What should the
engineer do next?
A. Unplug the network connection on the company’s web server.
B. Determine the origin of the attack and launch a counterattack.
C. Record as much information as possible from the attack.
D. Perform a system restart on the company’s web server.
Answer: C

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

55. - (Exam Topic 3)
How do employers protect assets with security policies pertaining to employee surveillance activities?
A. Employers promote monitoring activities of employees as long as the employees demonstrate
trustworthiness.
B. Employers use informal verbal communication channels to explain employee monitoring activities to
employees.
C. Employers use network surveillance to monitor employee email traffic, network access, and to record
employee keystrokes.
D. Employers provide employees written statements that clearly discuss the boundaries of monitoring
activities and consequences.
Answer: D

56. - (Exam Topic 3)
Company A and Company B have just merged and each has its own Public Key Infrastructure (PKI). What
must the Certificate Authorities (CAs) establish so that the private PKIs for Company A and Company B
trust one another and each private PKI can validate digital certificates from the other company?
A. Poly key exchange
B. Cross certification
C. Poly key reference
D. Cross-site exchange
Answer: B

57. - (Exam Topic 3)
Some passwords are stored using specialized encryption algorithms known as hashes. Why is this an
appropriate method?
A. It is impossible to crack hashed user passwords unless the key used to encrypt them is obtained.
B. If a user forgets the password, it can be easily retrieved using the hash key stored by administrators.
C. Hashing is faster compared to more traditional encryption algorithms.
D. Passwords stored using hashes are non-reversible, making finding the password much more difficult.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: D

58. - (Exam Topic 3)
A Certificate Authority (CA) generates a key pair that will be used for encryption and decryption of email.
The integrity of the encrypted email is dependent on the security of which of the following?
A. Public key
B. Private key
C. Modulus length
D. Email server certificate
Answer: B

59. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following guidelines or standards is associated with the credit card industry?
A. Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology (COBIT)
B. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX)
C. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
D. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS)
Answer: D

60. - (Exam Topic 3)
A consultant has been hired by the V.P. of a large financial organization to assess the company's security
posture. During the security testing, the consultant comes across child pornography on the V.P.'s computer.
What is the consultant's obligation to the financial organization?
A. Say nothing and continue with the security testing.
B. Stop work immediately and contact the authorities.
C. Delete the pornography, say nothing, and continue security testing.
D. Bring the discovery to the financial organization's human resource department.
Answer: B

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

61. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which method can provide a better return on IT security investment and provide a thorough and
comprehensive assessment of organizational security covering policy, procedure design, and
implementation?
A. Penetration testing
B. Social engineering
C. Vulnerability scanning
D. Access control list reviews
Answer: A

62. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) implements a web application full of known
vulnerabilities?
A. WebBugs
B. WebGoat
C. VULN_HTML
D. WebScarab
Answer: B

63. - (Exam Topic 3)
Which of the following is a characteristic of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI)?
A. Public-key cryptosystems are faster than symmetric-key cryptosystems.
B. Public-key cryptosystems distribute public-keys within digital signatures.
C. Public-key cryptosystems do not require a secure key distribution channel.
D. Public-key cryptosystems do not provide technical non-repudiation via digital signatures.
Answer: B

Topic 4, Exam Pool D
1. - (Exam Topic 4)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

You are performing a penetration test. You achieved access via a buffer overflow exploit and you proceed
to find interesting data, such as files with usernames and passwords. You find a hidden folder that has the
administrator's bank account password and login information for the administrator's bitcoin account.
What should you do?
A. Report immediately to the administrator
B. Do not report it and continue the penetration test.
C. Transfer money from the administrator's account to another account.
D. Do not transfer the money but steal the bitcoins.
Answer: A

2. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is an extremely common IDS evasion technique in the web world?
A. unicode characters
B. spyware
C. port knocking
D. subnetting
Answer: A
Explanation:
Unicode attacks can be effective against applications that understand it. Unicode is the international
standard whose goal is to represent every character needed by every written human language as a single
integer number. What is known as Unicode evasion should more correctly be referenced as UTF-8 evasion.
Unicode characters are normally represented with two bytes, but this is impractical in real life.
One aspect of UTF-8 encoding causes problems: non-Unicode characters can be represented encoded.
What is worse is multiple representations of each character can exist. Non-Unicode character encodings
are known as overlong characters, and may be signs of attempted attack.
References:
http://books.gigatux.nl/mirror/apachesecurity/0596007248/apachesc-chp-10-sect-8.html

3. - (Exam Topic 4)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

You are logged in as a local admin on a Windows 7 system and you need to launch the Computer
Management Console from command line.
Which command would you use?
A. c:\compmgmt.msc
B. c:\services.msc
C. c:\ncpa.cp
D. c:\gpedit
Answer: A
Explanation:
To start the Computer Management Console from command line just type compmgmt.msc
/computer:computername in your run box or at the command line and it should automatically open the
Computer Management console.
References:
http://www.waynezim.com/tag/compmgmtmsc/

4. - (Exam Topic 4)
Your team has won a contract to infiltrate an organization. The company wants to have the attack be as
realistic as possible; therefore, they did not provide any information besides the company name.
What should be the first step in security testing the client?
A. Reconnaissance
B. Enumeration
C. Scanning
D. Escalation
Answer: A
Explanation:
Phases of hacking
Phase 1—Reconnaissance Phase 2—Scanning
Phase 3—Gaining Access Phase 4—Maintaining Access Phase 5—Covering Tracks
Phase 1: Passive and Active Reconnaissance
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

References:
http://hack-o-crack.blogspot.se/2010/12/five-stages-of-ethical-hacking.html

5. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is the BEST way to defend against network sniffing?
A. Using encryption protocols to secure network communications
B. Register all machines MAC Address in a Centralized Database
C. Restrict Physical Access to Server Rooms hosting Critical Servers
D. Use Static IP Address
Answer: A
Explanation:
A way to protect your network traffic from being sniffed is to use encryption such as Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS). Encryption doesn't prevent packet sniffers from seeing source and
destination information, but it does encrypt the data packet's payload so that all the sniffer sees is
encrypted gibberish.
References:
http://netsecurity.about.com/od/informationresources/a/What-Is-A-Packet-Sniffer.htm

6. - (Exam Topic 4)
When you are testing a web application, it is very useful to employ a proxy tool to save every request and
response. You can manually test every request and analyze the response to find vulnerabilities. You can
test parameter and headers manually to get more precise results than if using web vulnerability scanners.
What proxy tool will help you find web vulnerabilities?
A. Burpsuite
B. Maskgen
C. Dimitry
D. Proxychains
Answer: A
Explanation:
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Burp Suite is an integrated platform for performing security testing of web applications. Its various tools
work seamlessly together to support the entire testing process, from initial mapping and analysis of an
application's attack surface, through to finding and exploiting security vulnerabilities.
References: https://portswigger.net/burp/

7. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is the least-likely physical characteristic to be used in biometric control that supports
a large company?
A. Height and Weight
B. Voice
C. Fingerprints
D. Iris patterns
Answer: A
Explanation:
There are two main types of biometric identifiers:
Examples of physiological characteristics used for biometric authentication include fingerprints; DNA; face,
hand, retina or ear features; and odor. Behavioral characteristics are related to the pattern of the behavior
of a person, such as typing rhythm, gait, gestures and voice.
References:
http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/definition/biometrics

8. - (Exam Topic 4)
An attacker changes the profile information of a particular user (victim) on the target website. The attacker
uses this string to update the victim’s profile to a text file and then submit the data to the attacker’s
database.
<iframe src="http://www.vulnweb.com/updateif.php" style="display:none"></iframe>
What is this type of attack (that can use either HTTP GET or HTTP POST) called?
A. Cross-Site Request Forgery
B. Cross-Site Scripting
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. SQL Injection
D. Browser Hacking
Answer: A
Explanation:
Cross-site request forgery, also known as one-click attack or session riding and abbreviated as CSRF
(sometimes pronounced sea-surf) or XSRF, is a type of malicious exploit of a website where unauthorized
commands are transmitted from a user that the website trusts.
Different HTTP request methods, such as GET and POST, have different level of susceptibility to CSRF
attacks and require different levels of protection due to their different handling by web browsers.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery

9. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which tool allows analysts and pen testers to examine links between data using graphs and link analysis?
A. Maltego
B. Cain & Abel
C. Metasploit
D. Wireshark
Answer: A
Explanation:
Maltego is proprietary software used for open-source intelligence and forensics, developed by Paterva.
Maltego focuses on providing a library of transforms for discovery of data from open sources, and
visualizing that information in a graph format, suitable for link analysis and data mining.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maltego

10. - (Exam Topic 4)
You've just been hired to perform a pen test on an organization that has been subjected to a large-scale
attack. The CIO is concerned with mitigating threats and vulnerabilities to totally eliminate risk.
What is one of the first things you should do when given the job?
A. Explain to the CIO that you cannot eliminate all risk, but you will be able to reduce risk to acceptable
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

levels.
B. Interview all employees in the company to rule out possible insider threats.
C. Establish attribution to suspected attackers.
D. Start the wireshark application to start sniffing network traffic.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The goals of penetration tests are:
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penetration_test

11. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is a component of a risk assessment?
A. Administrative safeguards
B. Physical security
C. DMZ
D. Logical interface
Answer: A
Explanation:
Risk assessment include:
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IT_risk_management#Risk_assessment

12. - (Exam Topic 4)
It is a kind of malware (malicious software) that criminals install on your computer so they can lock it from a
remote location. This malware generates a pop-up window, webpage, or email warning from what looks like
an official authority. It explains that your computer has been locked because of possible illegal activities on
it and demands payment before you can access your files and programs again.
Which of the following terms best matches the definition?
A. Ransomware
B. Adware
C. Spyware
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Riskware
Answer: A
Explanation:
Ransomware is a type of malware that can be covertly installed on a computer without knowledge or
intention of the user that restricts access to the infected computer system in some way, and demands that
the user pay a ransom to the malware operators to remove the restriction. Some forms of ransomware
systematically encrypt files on the system's hard drive, which become difficult or impossible to decrypt
without paying the ransom for the encryption key, while some may simply lock the system and display
messages intended to coax the user into paying. Ransomware typically propagates as a Trojan.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ransomware

13. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following parameters describe LM Hash (see exhibit): Exhibit:

A. I, II, and III
B. I
C. II
D. I and II
Answer: A
Explanation:
The LM hash is computed as follows:
* 1. The user's password is restricted to a maximum of fourteen characters.
* 2. The user’s password is converted to uppercase. Etc.
* 14 character Windows passwords, which are stored with LM Hash, can be cracked in five seconds.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LM_hash

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

14. - (Exam Topic 4)
You've gained physical access to a Windows 2008 R2 server which has an accessible disc drive. When you
attempt to boot the server and log in, you are unable to guess the password. In your tool kit you have an
Ubuntu 9.10 Linux LiveCD. Which Linux based tool has the ability to change any user's password or to
activate disabled Windows accounts?
A. CHNTPW
B. Cain & Abel
C. SET
D. John the Ripper
Answer: A
Explanation:
chntpw is a software utility for resetting or blanking local passwords used by Windows NT, 2000, XP, Vista,
7, 8 and 8.1. It does this by editing the SAM database where Windows stores password hashes.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chntpw

15. - (Exam Topic 4)
A regional bank hires your company to perform a security assessment on their network after a recent data
breach. The attacker was able to steal financial data from the bank by compromising only a single server.
Based on this information, what should be one of your key recommendations to the bank?
A. Place a front-end web server in a demilitarized zone that only handles external web traffic
B. Require all employees to change their passwords immediately
C. Move the financial data to another server on the same IP subnet
D. Issue new certificates to the web servers from the root certificate authority
Answer: A
Explanation:
A DMZ or demilitarized zone (sometimes referred to as a perimeter network) is a physical or logical
subnetwork that contains and exposes an organization's external-facing services to a larger and untrusted
network, usually the Internet. The purpose of a DMZ is to add an additional layer of security to an
organization's local area network (LAN); an external network node only has direct access to equipment in
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

the DMZ, rather than any other part of the network.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DMZ_(computing)

16. - (Exam Topic 4)
Perspective clients want to see sample reports from previous penetration tests. What should you do next?
A. Decline but, provide references.
B. Share full reports, not redacted.
C. Share full reports with redactions.
D. Share reports, after NDA is signed.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Penetration tests data should not be disclosed to third parties.

17. - (Exam Topic 4)
You are a Network Security Officer. You have two machines. The first machine (192.168.0.99) has snort
installed, and the second machine (192.168.0.150) has kiwi syslog installed. You perform a syn scan in
your network, and you notice that kiwi syslog is not receiving the alert message from snort. You decide to
run wireshark in the snort machine to check if the messages are going to the kiwi syslog machine.
What wireshark filter will show the connections from the snort machine to kiwi syslog machine?
A. tcp.dstport==514 && ip.dst==192.168.0.150
B. tcp.srcport==514 && ip.src==192.168.0.99
C. tcp.dstport==514 && ip.dst==192.168.0.0/16
D. tcp.srcport==514 && ip.src==192.168.150
Answer: A
Explanation:
We need to configure destination port at destination ip. The destination ip is 192.168.0.150, where the kiwi
syslog is installed.
References: https://wiki.wireshark.org/DisplayFilters

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

18. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have compromised a server and successfully gained a root access. You want to pivot and pass traffic
undetected over the network and evade any possible Intrusion Detection System.
What is the best approach?
A. Install Cryptcat and encrypt outgoing packets from this server.
B. Install and use Telnet to encrypt all outgoing traffic from this server.
C. Use Alternate Data Streams to hide the outgoing packets from this server.
D. Use HTTP so that all traffic can be routed via a browser, thus evading the internal Intrusion Detection
Systems.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Cryptcat enables us to communicate between two systems and encrypts the communication between them
with twofish.
References:
http://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/hack-like-pro-create-nearly-undetectable-backdoor-with-cryptcat0
14

19. - (Exam Topic 4)
When you return to your desk after a lunch break, you notice a strange email in your inbox. The sender is
someone you did business with recently, but the subject line has strange characters in it.
What should you do?
A. Forward the message to your company’s security response team and permanently delete the message
from your computer.
B. Reply to the sender and ask them for more information about the message contents.
C. Delete the email and pretend nothing happened
D. Forward the message to your supervisor and ask for her opinion on how to handle the situation
Answer: A
Explanation:
By setting up an email address for your users to forward any suspicious email to, the emails can be
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

automatically scanned and replied to, with security incidents created to follow up on any emails with
attached malware or links to known bad websites.
References:
https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/helsinki-security-management/page/product/threat-intelligence/task/t_
Confi

20. - (Exam Topic 4)
It is a short-range wireless communication technology intended to replace the cables connecting portable of
fixed devices while maintaining high levels of security. It allows mobile phones, computers and other
devices to connect and communicate using a short-range wireless connection.
Which of the following terms best matches the definition?
A. Bluetooth
B. Radio-Frequency Identification
C. WLAN
D. InfraRed
Answer: A
Explanation:
Bluetooth is a standard for the short-range wireless interconnection of mobile phones, computers, and
other electronic devices.
References:
http://www.bbc.co.uk/webwise/guides/about-bluetooth

21. - (Exam Topic 4)
An attacker has installed a RAT on a host. The attacker wants to ensure that when a user attempts to go to
"www.MyPersonalBank.com", that the user is directed to a phishing site.
Which file does the attacker need to modify?
A. Hosts
B. Sudoers
C. Boot.ini
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Networks
Answer: A
Explanation:
The hosts file is a computer file used by an operating system to map hostnames to IP addresses. The hosts
file contains lines of text consisting of an IP address in the first text field followed by one or more host
names.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_(file)

22. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is assured by the use of a hash?
A. Integrity
B. Confidentiality
C. Authentication
D. Availability
Answer: A
Explanation:
An important application of secure hashes is verification of message integrity. Determining whether any
changes have been made to a message (or a file), for example, can be accomplished by comparing
message digests calculated before, and after, transmission (or any other event).
References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_hash_function#Verifying_the_integrity_of_files_or_messages

23. - (Exam Topic 4)
What is the best description of SQL Injection?
A. It is an attack used to gain unauthorized access to a database.
B. It is an attack used to modify code in an application.
C. It is a Man-in-the-Middle attack between your SQL Server and Web App Server.
D. It is a Denial of Service Attack.
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Explanation:
SQL injection is a code injection technique, used to attack data-driven applications, in which malicious SQL
statements are inserted into an entry field for execution (e.g. to dump the database contents to the
attacker).
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_injection

24. - (Exam Topic 4)
This phase will increase the odds of success in later phases of the penetration test. It is also the very first
step in Information Gathering, and it will tell you what the "landscape" looks like.
What is the most important phase of ethical hacking in which you need to spend a considerable amount of
time?
A. footprinting
B. network mapping
C. gaining access
D. escalating privileges
Answer: A
Explanation:
Footprinting is a first step that a penetration tester used to evaluate the security of any IT infrastructure,
footprinting means to gather the maximum information about the computer system or a network and about
the devices that are attached to this network.
References:
http://www.ehacking.net/2011/02/footprinting-first-step-of-ethical.html

25. - (Exam Topic 4)
> NMAP -sn 192.168.11.200-215
The NMAP command above performs which of the following?
A. A ping scan
B. A trace sweep
C. An operating system detect
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. A port scan
Answer: A
Explanation:
NMAP -sn (No port scan)
This option tells Nmap not to do a port scan after host discovery, and only print out the available hosts that
responded to the host discovery probes. This is often known as a “ping scan”, but you can also request that
traceroute and NSE host scripts be run.
References: https://nmap.org/book/man-host-discovery.html

26. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have successfully gained access to a linux server and would like to ensure that the succeeding
outgoing traffic from this server will not be caught by a Network Based Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDS).
What is the best way to evade the NIDS?
A. Encryption
B. Protocol Isolation
C. Alternate Data Streams
D. Out of band signalling
Answer: A
Explanation:
When the NIDS encounters encrypted traffic, the only analysis it can perform is packet level analysis, since
the application layer contents are inaccessible. Given that exploits against today's networks are primarily
targeted against network services (application layer entities), packet level analysis ends up doing very little
to protect our core business assets.
References:
http://www.techrepublic.com/article/avoid-these-five-common-ids-implementation-errors/

27. - (Exam Topic 4)
This asymmetry cipher is based on factoring the product of two large prime numbers. What cipher is
described above?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. RSA
B. SHA
C. RC5
D. MD5
Answer: A
Explanation:
RSA is based on the practical difficulty of factoring the product of two large prime numbers, the factoring
problem.
Note: A user of RSA creates and then publishes a public key based on two large prime numbers, along with
an auxiliary value. The prime numbers must be kept secret. Anyone can use the public key to encrypt a
message, but with currently published methods, if the public key is large enough, only someone with
knowledge of the prime numbers can feasibly decode the message.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(cryptosystem)

28. - (Exam Topic 4)
It is a vulnerability in GNU's bash shell, discovered in September of 2014, that gives attackers access to run
remote commands on a vulnerable system. The malicious software can take control of an infected machine,
launch denial-of-service attacks to disrupt websites, and scan for other vulnerable devices (including
routers).
Which of the following vulnerabilities is being described?
A. Shellshock
B. Rootshock
C. Rootshell
D. Shellbash
Answer: A
Explanation:
Shellshock, also known as Bashdoor, is a family of security bugs in the widely used Unix Bash shell, the
first of which was disclosed on 24 September 2014.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shellshock_(software_bug)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

29. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have successfully gained access to your client's internal network and successfully comprised a Linux
server which is part of the internal IP network. You want to know which Microsoft Windows workstations
have file sharing enabled.
Which port would you see listening on these Windows machines in the network?
A. 445
B. 3389
C. 161
D. 1433
Answer: A
Explanation:
The following ports are associated with file sharing and server message block (SMB) communications:
References: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/298804

30. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have successfully compromised a machine on the network and found a server that is alive on the same
network. You tried to ping it but you didn't get any response back.
What is happening?
A. ICMP could be disabled on the target server.
B. The ARP is disabled on the target server.
C. TCP/IP doesn't support ICMP.
D. You need to run the ping command with root privileges.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The ping utility is implemented using the ICMP "Echo request" and "Echo reply" messages.
Note: The Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) is one of the main protocols of the internet protocol
suite. It is used by network devices, like routers, to send error messages indicating, for example, that a
requested service is not available or that a host or router could not be reached. References:
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Control_Message_Protocol

31. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which mode of IPSec should you use to assure security and confidentiality of data within the same LAN?
A. ESP transport mode
B. AH permiscuous
C. ESP confidential
D. AH Tunnel mode
Answer: A
Explanation:
When transport mode is used, IPSec encrypts only the IP payload. Transport mode provides the protection
of an IP payload through an AH or ESP header. Encapsulating Security Payload (ESP) provides
confidentiality (in addition to authentication, integrity, and anti-replay protection) for the IP payload.

32. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is the structure designed to verify and authenticate the identity of individuals within
the enterprise taking part in a data exchange?
A. PKI
B. single sign on
C. biometrics
D. SOA
Answer: A
Explanation:
A public key infrastructure (PKI) is a set of roles, policies, and procedures needed to create, manage,
distribute, use, store, and revoke digital certificates [1] and manage public-key encryption. The purpose of a
PKI is to facilitate the secure electronic transfer of information for a range of network activities such as
e-c ommerce, internet banking and confidential email.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_key_infrastructure

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

33. - (Exam Topic 4)
During a blackbox pen test you attempt to pass IRC traffic over port 80/TCP from a compromised web
enabled host. The traffic gets blocked; however, outbound HTTP traffic is unimpeded.
What type of firewall is inspecting outbound traffic?
A. Application
B. Circuit
C. Stateful
D. Packet Filtering
Answer: A
Explanation:
An application firewall is an enhanced firewall that limits access by applications to the operating system
(OS) of a computer. Conventional firewalls merely control the flow of data to and from the central
processing unit (CPU), examining each packet and determining whether or not to forward it toward a
particular destination. An application firewall offers additional protection by controlling the execution of files
or the handling of data by specific applications.
References:
http://searchsoftwarequality.techtarget.com/definition/application-firewall

34. - (Exam Topic 4)
Using Windows CMD, how would an attacker list all the shares to which the current user context has
access?
A. NET USE
B. NET CONFIG
C. NET FILE
D. NET VIEW
Answer: A
Explanation:
Connects a computer to or disconnects a computer from a shared resource, or displays information about
computer connections. The command also controls persistent net connections. Used without parameters,
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

net use retrieves a list of network connections.
References: https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb490717.aspx

35. - (Exam Topic 4)
Initiating an attack against targeted businesses and organizations, threat actors compromise a carefully
selected website by inserting an exploit resulting in malware infection. The attackers run exploits on
well-known and trusted sites likely to be visited by their targeted victims. Aside from carefully choosing sites
to compromise, these attacks are known to incorporate zero-day exploits that target unpatched
vulnerabilities. Thus, the targeted entities are left with little or no defense against these exploits.
What type of attack is outlined in the scenario?
A. Watering Hole Attack
B. Heartbleed Attack
C. Shellshock Attack
D. Spear Phising Attack
Answer: A
Explanation:
Watering Hole is a computer attack strategy, in which the victim is a particular group (organization, industry,
or region). In this attack, the attacker guesses or observes which websites the group often uses and infects
one or more of them with malware. Eventually, some member of the targeted group gets infected.

36. - (Exam Topic 4)
The network administrator contacts you and tells you that she noticed the temperature on the internal
wireless router increases by more than 20% during weekend hours when the office was closed. She asks
you to investigate the issue because she is busy dealing with a big conference and she doesn’t have time to
perform the task.
What tool can you use to view the network traffic being sent and received by the wireless router?
A. Wireshark
B. Nessus
C. Netcat
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Netstat
Answer: A
Explanation:
Wireshark is a Free and open source packet analyzer. It is used for network troubleshooting, analysis,
software and communications protocol development, and education.

37. - (Exam Topic 4)
In 2007, this wireless security algorithm was rendered useless by capturing packets and discovering the
passkey in a matter of seconds. This security flaw led to a network invasion of TJ Maxx and data theft
through a technique known as wardriving.
Which Algorithm is this referring to?
A. Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP)
B. Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA)
C. Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2)
D. Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP)
Answer: A
Explanation:
WEP is the currently most used protocol for securing 802.11 networks, also called wireless lans or wlans. In
2007, a new attack on WEP, the PTW attack, was discovered, which allows an attacker to recover the
secret key in less than 60 seconds in some cases.
Note: Wardriving is the act of searching for Wi-Fi wireless networks by a person in a moving vehicle, using
a portable computer, smartphone or personal digital assistant (PDA).
References: https://events.ccc.de/camp/2007/Fahrplan/events/1943.en.html

38. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have successfully comprised a server having an IP address of 10.10.0.5. You would like to enumerate
all machines in the same network quickly.
What is the best nmap command you will use?
A. nmap -T4 -F 10.10.0.0/24
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. nmap -T4 -r 10.10.1.0/24
C. nmap -T4 -O 10.10.0.0/24
D. nmap -T4 -q 10.10.0.0/24
Answer: A
Explanation:
command = nmap -T4 -F
description = This scan is faster than a normal scan because it uses the aggressive timing template and
scans fewer ports.
References: https://svn.nmap.org/nmap/zenmap/share/zenmap/config/scan_profile.usp

39. - (Exam Topic 4)
You are using NMAP to resolve domain names into IP addresses for a ping sweep later. Which of the
following commands looks for IP addresses?
A. >host -t a hackeddomain.com
B. >host -t soa hackeddomain.com
C. >host -t ns hackeddomain.com
D. >host -t AXFR hackeddomain.com
Answer: A
Explanation:
The A record is an Address record. It returns a 32-bit IPv4 address, most commonly used to map
hostnames to an IP address of the host.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_DNS_record_types

40. - (Exam Topic 4)
env x=`(){ :;};echo exploit` bash -c 'cat /etc/passwd'
What is the Shellshock bash vulnerability attempting to do on a vulnerable Linux host?
A. Display passwd content to prompt
B. Removes the passwd file
C. Changes all passwords in passwd
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Add new user to the passwd file
Answer: A
Explanation:
To extract private information, attackers are using a couple of techniques. The simplest extraction attacks
are in the form:
() {:;}; /bin/cat /etc/passwd
That reads the password file /etc/passwd, and adds it to the response from the web server. So an attacker
injecting this code through the Shellshock vulnerability would see the password file dumped out onto their
screen as part of the web page returned.
References: https://blog.cloudflare.com/inside-shellshock/

41. - (Exam Topic 4)
This international organization regulates billions of transactions daily and provides security guidelines to
protect personally identifiable information (PII). These security controls provide a baseline and prevent
low-level hackers sometimes known as script kiddies from causing a data breach.
Which of the following organizations is being described?
A. Payment Card Industry (PCI)
B. Center for Disease Control (CDC)
C. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)
D. International Security Industry Organization (ISIO)
Answer: A
Explanation:
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a proprietary information security
standard for organizations that handle branded credit cards from the major card schemes including Visa,
MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and JCB. The PCI DSS standards are very explicit about the
requirements for the back end storage and access of PII (personally identifiable information).
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_Card_Industry_Data_Security_Standard

42. - (Exam Topic 4)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following is a command line packet analyzer similar to GUI-based Wireshark?
A. tcpdump
B. nessus
C. etherea
D. Jack the ripper
Answer: A
Explanation:
tcpdump is a common packet analyzer that runs under the command line. It allows the user to display
TCP/IP and other packets being transmitted or received over a network to which the computer is attached.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tcpdump

43. - (Exam Topic 4)
When you are collecting information to perform a data analysis, Google commands are very useful to find
sensitive information and files. These files may contain information about passwords, system functions, or
documentation.
What command will help you to search files using Google as a search engine?
A. site: target.com filetype:xls username password email
B. inurl: target.com filename:xls username password email
C. domain: target.com archive:xls username password email
D. site: target.com file:xls username password email
Answer: A
Explanation:
If you include site: in your query, Google will restrict your search results to the site or domain you specify. If
you include filetype:suffix in your query, Google will restrict the results to pages whose names end in
suffix. For example, [ web page evaluation checklist filetype:pdf ] will return Adobe Acrobat pdf files that
match the terms “web,” “page,” “evaluation,” and “checklist.”
References:
http://www.googleguide.com/advanced_operators_reference.html

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

44. - (Exam Topic 4)
Jesse receives an email with an attachment labeled “Court_Notice_21206.zip”. Inside the zip file is a file
named “Court_Notice_21206.docx.exe” disguised as a word document. Upon execution, a window appears
stating, “This word document is corrupt.” In the background, the file copies itself to Jesse APPDATA\local
directory and begins to beacon to a C2 server to download additional malicious binaries.
What type of malware has Jesse encountered?
A. Trojan
B. Worm
C. Macro Virus
D. Key-Logger
Answer: A
Explanation:
In computing, Trojan horse, or Trojan, is any malicious computer program which is used to hack into a
computer by misleading users of its true intent. Although their payload can be anything, many modern
forms act as a backdoor, contacting a controller which can then have unauthorized access to the affected
computer.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trojan_horse_(computing)

45. - (Exam Topic 4)
What is the process of logging, recording, and resolving events that take place in an organization?
A. Incident Management Process
B. Security Policy
C. Internal Procedure
D. Metrics
Answer: A
Explanation:
The activities within the incident management process include:
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incident_management_(ITSM)#Incident_management_procedure

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

46. - (Exam Topic 4)
The configuration allows a wired or wireless network interface controller to pass all traffic it receives to the
central processing unit (CPU), rather than passing only the frames that the controller is intended to receive.
Which of the following is being described?
A. promiscuous mode
B. port forwarding
C. multi-cast mode
D. WEM
Answer: A
Explanation:
Promiscuous mode refers to the special mode of Ethernet hardware, in particular network interface cards
(NICs), that allows a NIC to receive all traffic on the network, even if it is not addressed to this NIC. By
default, a NIC ignores all traffic that is not addressed to it, which is done by comparing the destination
address of the Ethernet packet with the hardware address (a.k.a. MAC) of the device. While this makes
perfect sense for networking, non-promiscuous mode makes it difficult to use network monitoring and
analysis software for diagnosing connectivity issues or traffic accounting.
References: https://www.tamos.com/htmlhelp/monitoring/

47. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is a design pattern based on distinct pieces of software providing application
functionality as services to other applications?
A. Service Oriented Architecture
B. Object Oriented Architecture
C. Lean Coding
D. Agile Process
Answer: A
Explanation:
A service-oriented architecture (SOA) is an architectural pattern in computer software design in which
application components provide services to other components via a communications protocol, typically over
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

a network.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service-oriented_architecture

48. - (Exam Topic 4)
What is a "Collision attack" in cryptography?
A. Collision attacks try to find two inputs producing the same hash.
B. Collision attacks try to break the hash into two parts, with the same bytes in each part to get the private
key.
C. Collision attacks try to get the public key.
D. Collision attacks try to break the hash into three parts to get the plaintext value.
Answer: A
Explanation:
A Collision Attack is an attempt to find two input strings of a hash function that produce the same hash
result. References: https://learncryptography.com/hash-functions/hash-collision-attack

49. - (Exam Topic 4)
It is an entity or event with the potential to adversely impact a system through unauthorized access,
destruction, disclosure, denial of service or modification of data.
Which of the following terms best matches the definition?
A. Threat
B. Attack
C. Vulnerability
D. Risk
Answer: A
Explanation:
A threat is at any circumstance or event with the potential to adversely impact organizational operations
(including mission, functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, or individuals through an
information system via unauthorized access, destruction, disclosure, modification of information, and/or
denial of service. Also, the potential for a threat-source to successfully exploit a particular information
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

system vulnerability.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threat_(computer)

50. - (Exam Topic 4)
You are attempting to man-in-the-middle a session. Which protocol will allow you to guess a sequence
number?
A. TCP
B. UPD
C. ICMP
D. UPX
Answer: A
Explanation:
At the establishment of a TCP session the client starts by sending a SYN-packet (SYN=synchronize) with a
sequence number. To hijack a session it is required to send a packet with a right seq-number, otherwise
they are dropped.
References: https://www.exploit-db.com/papers/13587/

51. - (Exam Topic 4)
When you are getting information about a web server, it is very important to know the HTTP Methods (GET,
POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE, TRACE) that are available because there are two critical methods (PUT and
DELETE). PUT can upload a file to the server and DELETE can delete a file from the server. You can
detect all these methods (GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE, TRACE) using NMAP script engine.
What nmap script will help you with this task?
A. http-methods
B. http enum
C. http-headers
D. http-git
Answer: A
Explanation:
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

You can check HTTP method vulnerability using NMAP. Example: #nmap –script=http-methods.nse
192.168.0.25 References:
http://solutionsatexperts.com/http-method-vulnerability-check-using-nmap/

52. - (Exam Topic 4)
How does the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) work?
A. It sends a request packet to all the network elements, asking for the MAC address from a specific IP.
B. It sends a reply packet to all the network elements, asking for the MAC address from a specific IP.
C. It sends a reply packet for a specific IP, asking for the MAC address.
D. It sends a request packet to all the network elements, asking for the domain name from a specific IP.
Answer: A
Explanation:
When an incoming packet destined for a host machine on a particular local area network arrives at a
gateway, the gateway asks the ARP program to find a physical host or MAC address that matches the IP
address. The ARP program looks in the ARP cache and, if it finds the address, provides it so that the
packet can be converted to the right packet length and format and sent to the machine. If no entry is found
for the IP address, ARP broadcasts a request packet in a special format to all the machines on the LAN to
see if one machine knows that it has that IP address associated with it. A machine that recognizes the IP
address as its own returns a reply so indicating. ARP updates the ARP cache for future reference and then
sends the packet to the MAC address that replied.
References:
http://searchnetworking.techtarget.com/definition/Address-Resolution-Protocol-ARP

53. - (Exam Topic 4)
You are performing information gathering for an important penetration test. You have found pdf, doc, and
images in your objective. You decide to extract metadata from these files and analyze it.
What tool will help you with the task?
A. Metagoofil
B. Armitage
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Dimitry
D. cdpsnarf
Answer: A
Explanation:
Metagoofil is an information gathering tool designed for extracting metadata of public documents
(pdf,doc,xls,ppt,docx,pptx,xlsx) belonging to a target company.
Metagoofil will perform a search in Google to identify and download the documents to local disk and then
will extract the metadata with different libraries like Hachoir, PdfMiner? and others. With the results it will
generate a report with usernames, software versions and servers or machine names that will help
Penetration testers in the information gathering phase.
References:
http://www.edge-security.com/metagoofil.php

54. - (Exam Topic 4)
During a recent security assessment, you discover the organization has one Domain Name Server (DNS) in
a Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and a second DNS server on the internal network.
What is this type of DNS configuration commonly called?
A. Split DNS
B. DNSSEC
C. DynDNS
D. DNS Scheme
Answer: A
Explanation:
In a split DNS infrastructure, you create two zones for the same domain, one to be used by the internal
network, the other used by the external network. Split DNS directs internal hosts to an internal domain
name server for name resolution and external hosts are directed to an external domain name server for
name resolution.
References:
http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/S/split_DNS.html
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

55. - (Exam Topic 4)
Your company performs penetration tests and security assessments for small and medium-sized business
in the local area. During a routine security assessment, you discover information that suggests your client is
involved with human trafficking.
What should you do?
A. Immediately stop work and contact the proper legal authorities.
B. Copy the data to removable media and keep it in case you need it.
C. Confront the client in a respectful manner and ask her about the data.
D. Ignore the data and continue the assessment until completed as agreed.
Answer: A

56. - (Exam Topic 4)
While using your bank’s online servicing you notice the following string in the URL bar:
“http://www.MyPersonalBank.com/account?id=368940911028389
&Damount=10980&Camount=21”
You observe that if you modify the Damount & Camount values and submit the request, that data on the
web page reflect the changes.
Which type of vulnerability is present on this site?
A. Web Parameter Tampering
B. Cookie Tampering
C. XSS Reflection
D. SQL injection
Answer: A
Explanation:
The Web Parameter Tampering attack is based on the manipulation of parameters exchanged between
client and server in order to modify application data, such as user credentials and permissions, price and
quantity of products, etc. Usually, this information is stored in cookies, hidden form fields, or URL Query
Strings, and is used to increase application functionality and control.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

References: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Web_Parameter_Tampering

57. - (Exam Topic 4)
You just set up a security system in your network. In what kind of system would you find the following string
of characters used as a rule within its configuration?
alert tcp any any -> 192.168.100.0/24 21 (msg: "FTP on the network!";)
A. An Intrusion Detection System
B. A firewall IPTable
C. A Router IPTable
D. FTP Server rule
Answer: A
Explanation:
Snort is an open source network intrusion detection system (NIDS) for networks . Snort rule example:
This example is a rule with a generator id of 1000001.
alert tcp any any -> any 80 (content:"BOB"; gid:1000001; sid:1; rev:1;)
References:
http://manual-snort-org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/node31.html

58. - (Exam Topic 4)
It is a regulation that has a set of guidelines, which should be adhered to by anyone who handles any
electronic medical data. These guidelines stipulate that all medical practices must ensure that all necessary
measures are in place while saving, accessing, and sharing any electronic medical data to keep patient
data secure.
Which of the following regulations best matches the description?
A. HIPAA
B. ISO/IEC 27002
C. COBIT
D. FISMA
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Explanation:
The HIPAA Privacy Rule regulates the use and disclosure of Protected Health Information (PHI) held by
"covered entities" (generally, health care clearinghouses, employer sponsored health plans, health insurers,
and medical service providers that engage in certain transactions.)[15] By regulation, the Department of
Health and Human Services extended the HIPAA privacy rule to independent contractors of covered
entities who fit within the definition of "business associates".
References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_Insurance_Portability_and_Accountability_Act#Privacy_Rule

59. - (Exam Topic 4)
You are tasked to perform a penetration test. While you are performing information gathering, you find an
employee list in Google. You find the receptionist's email, and you send her an email changing the source
email to her boss's email( boss@company ). In this email, you ask for a pdf with information. She reads
your email and sends back a pdf with links. You exchange the pdf links with your malicious links (these links
contain malware) and send back the modified pdf, saying that the links don't work. She reads your email,
opens the links, and her machine gets infected. You now have access to the company network.
What testing method did you use?
A. Social engineering
B. Tailgating
C. Piggybacking
D. Eavesdropping
Answer: A
Explanation:
Social engineering, in the context of information security, refers to psychological manipulation of people into
performing actions or divulging confidential information. A type of confidence trick for the purpose of
information gathering, fraud, or system access, it differs from a traditional "con" in that it is often one of
many steps in a more complex fraud scheme.

60. - (Exam Topic 4)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Your company was hired by a small healthcare provider to perform a technical assessment on the network.
What is the best approach for discovering vulnerabilities on a Windows-based computer?
A. Use a scan tool like Nessus
B. Use the built-in Windows Update tool
C. Check MITRE.org for the latest list of CVE findings
D. Create a disk image of a clean Windows installation
Answer: A
Explanation:
Nessus is an open-source network vulnerability scanner that uses the Common Vulnerabilities and
Exposures architecture for easy cross-linking between compliant security tools.
The Nessus server is currently available for Unix, Linux and FreeBSD. The client is available for Unix- or
Windows-based operating systems.
Note: Significant capabilities of Nessus include:
References:
http://searchnetworking.techtarget.com/definition/Nessus

61. - (Exam Topic 4)
The Heartbleed bug was discovered in 2014 and is widely referred to under MITRE’s Common
Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) as CVE-2014-0160. This bug affects the OpenSSL implementation of
the transport layer security (TLS) protocols defined in RFC6520.
What type of key does this bug leave exposed to the Internet making exploitation of any compromised
system very easy?
A. Private
B. Public
C. Shared
D. Root
Answer: A
Explanation:
The data obtained by a Heartbleed attack may include unencrypted exchanges between TLS parties likely
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

to be confidential, including any form post data in users' requests. Moreover, the confidential data exposed
could include authentication secrets such as session cookies and passwords, which might allow attackers
to impersonate a user of the service.
An attack may also reveal private keys of compromised parties. References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heartbleed

62. - (Exam Topic 4)
As a Certified Ethical Hacker, you were contracted by a private firm to conduct an external security
assessment through penetration testing.
What document describes the specifics of the testing, the associated violations, and essentially protects
both the organization's interest and your liabilities as a tester?
A. Terms of Engagement
B. Project Scope
C. Non-Disclosure Agreement
D. Service Level Agreement
Answer: A

63. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following statements is TRUE?
A. Sniffers operate on Layer 2 of the OSI model
B. Sniffers operate on Layer 3 of the OSI model
C. Sniffers operate on both Layer 2 & Layer 3 of the OSI model.
D. Sniffers operate on the Layer 1 of the OSI model.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The OSI layer 2 is where packet sniffers collect their data. References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethernet_frame

64. - (Exam Topic 4)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Port scanning can be used as part of a technical assessment to determine network vulnerabilities. The TCP
XMAS scan is used to identify listening ports on the targeted system.
If a scanned port is open, what happens?
A. The port will ignore the packets.
B. The port will send an RST.
C. The port will send an ACK.
D. The port will send a SYN.
Answer: A
Explanation:
An attacker uses a TCP XMAS scan to determine if ports are closed on the target machine. This scan type
is accomplished by sending TCP segments with the all flags sent in the packet header, generating packets
that are illegal based on RFC 793. The RFC 793 expected behavior is that any TCP segment with an
out-of-state Flag sent to an open port is discarded, whereas segments with out-of-state flags sent to closed
ports should be handled with a RST in response. This behavior should allow an attacker to scan for closed
ports by sending certain types of rule-breaking packets (out of sync or disallowed by the TCB) and detect
closed ports via RST packets.
References: https://capec.mitre.org/data/definitions/303.html

65. - (Exam Topic 4)
This tool is an 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys cracking program that can recover keys once enough data
packets have been captured. It implements the standard FMS attack along with some optimizations like
KoreK attacks, as well as the PTW attack, thus making the attack much faster compared to other WEP
cracking tools.
Which of the following tools is being described?
A. Aircrack-ng
B. Airguard
C. WLAN-crack
D. wificracker
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Explanation:
Aircrack-ng is a complete suite of tools to assess WiFi network security.
The default cracking method of Aircrack-ng is PTW, but Aircrack-ng can also use the FMS/KoreK method,
which incorporates various statistical attacks to discover the WEP key and uses these in combination with
brute forcing.
References:
http://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=aircrack-ng

66. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have compromised a server on a network and successfully opened a shell. You aimed to identify all
operating systems running on the network. However, as you attempt to fingerprint all machines in the
network using the nmap syntax below, it is not going through.

What seems to be wrong?
A. OS Scan requires root privileges.
B. The nmap syntax is wrong.
C. This is a common behavior for a corrupted nmap application.
D. The outgoing TCP/IP fingerprinting is blocked by the host firewall.
Answer: A
Explanation:
You requested a scan type which requires root privileges.
References:
http://askubuntu.com/questions/433062/using-nmap-for-information-regarding-web-host

67. - (Exam Topic 4)
A hacker has successfully infected an internet-facing server which he will then use to send junk mail, take
part in coordinated attacks, or host junk email content.
Which sort of trojan infects this server?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Botnet Trojan
B. Turtle Trojans
C. Banking Trojans
D. Ransomware Trojans
Answer: A
Explanation:
In computer science, a zombie is a computer connected to the Internet that has been compromised by a
hacker, computer virus or trojan horse and can be used to perform malicious tasks of one sort or another
under remote direction. Botnets of zombie computers are often used to spread e-mail spam and launch
denial-of-service attacks. Most owners of zombie computers are unaware that their system is being used in
this way. Because the owner tends to be unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to
zombies. A coordinated DDoS attack by multiple botnet machines also resembles a zombie horde attack.

68. - (Exam Topic 4)
You have several plain-text firewall logs that you must review to evaluate network traffic. You know that in
order to do fast, efficient searches of the logs you must use regular expressions.
Which command-line utility are you most likely to use?
A. Grep
B. Notepad
C. MS Excel
D. Relational Database
Answer: A
Explanation:
grep is a command-line utility for searching plain-text data sets for lines matching a regular expression.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grep

69. - (Exam Topic 4)
Under the "Post-attack Phase and Activities", it is the responsibility of the tester to restore the systems to a
pre-test state.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following activities should not be included in this phase? (see exhibit) Exhibit:

A. III
B. IV
C. III and IV
D. All should be included.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The post-attack phase revolves around returning any modified system(s) to the pretest state. Examples of
such activities:
References: Computer and Information Security Handbook, John R. Vacca (2012), page 531

70. - (Exam Topic 4)
A common cryptographical tool is the use of XOR. XOR the following binary values: 10110001 00111010
A. 10001011
B. 11011000
C. 10011101
D. 10111100
Answer: A
Explanation:
The XOR gate is a digital logic gate that implements an exclusive or; that is, a true output (1/HIGH) results if
one, and only one, of the inputs to the gate is true. If both inputs are false (0/LOW) or both are true, a false
output results. XOR represents the inequality function, i.e., the output is true if the inputs are not alike
otherwise the output is false. A way to remember XOR is "one or the other but not both".
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XOR_gate
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

71. - (Exam Topic 4)
The purpose of a is to deny network access to local area networks and other information assets by
unauthorized wireless devices.
A. Wireless Intrusion Prevention System
B. Wireless Access Point
C. Wireless Access Control List
D. Wireless Analyzer
Answer: A
Explanation:
A wireless intrusion prevention system (WIPS) is a network device that monitors the radio spectrum for the
presence of unauthorized access points (intrusion detection), and can automatically take countermeasures
(intrusion prevention).
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wireless_intrusion_prevention_system

72. - (Exam Topic 4)
Jimmy is standing outside a secure entrance to a facility. He is pretending to have a tense conversation on
his cell phone as an authorized employee badges in. Jimmy, while still on the phone, grabs the door as it
begins to close.
What just happened?
A. Piggybacking
B. Masqurading
C. Phishing
D. Whaling
Answer: A
Explanation:
In security, piggybacking refers to when a person tags along with another person who is authorized to gain
entry into a restricted area, or pass a certain checkpoint.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piggybacking_(security)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

73. - (Exam Topic 4)
A medium-sized healthcare IT business decides to implement a risk management strategy. Which of the
following is NOT one of the five basic responses to risk?
A. Delegate
B. Avoid
C. Mitigate
D. Accept
Answer: A
Explanation:
There are five main ways to manage risk: acceptance, avoidance, transference, mitigation or exploitation.
References:
http://www.dbpmanagement.com/15/5-ways-to-manage-risk

74. - (Exam Topic 4)
What is the benefit of performing an unannounced Penetration Testing?
A. The tester will have an actual security posture visibility of the target network.
B. Network security would be in a "best state" posture.
C. It is best to catch critical infrastructure unpatched.
D. The tester could not provide an honest analysis.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Real life attacks will always come without expectation and they will often arrive in ways that are highly
creative and very hard to plan for at all. This is, after all, exactly how hackers continue to succeed against
network security systems, despite the billions invested in the data protection industry.
A possible solution to this danger is to conduct intermittent “unannounced” penentration tests whose
scheduling and occurrence is only known to the hired attackers and upper management staff instead of
every security employee, as would be the case with “announced” penetration tests that everyone has
planned for in advance. The former may be better at detecting realistic weaknesses.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

References:
http://www.sitepronews.com/2013/03/20/the-pros-and-cons-of-penetration-testing/

75. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following describes the characteristics of a Boot Sector Virus?
A. Moves the MBR to another location on the hard disk and copies itself to the original location of the MBR
B. Moves the MBR to another location on the RAM and copies itself to the original location of the MBR
C. Modifies directory table entries so that directory entries point to the virus code instead of the actual
program
D. Overwrites the original MBR and only executes the new virus code
Answer: A
Explanation:
A boot sector virus is a computer virus that infects a storage device's master boot record (MBR). The virus
moves the boot sector to another location on the hard drive.
References: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/26655/boot-sector-virus

76. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is the successor of SSL?
A. TLS
B. RSA
C. GRE
D. IPSec
Answer: A
Explanation:
Transport Layer Security (TLS) and its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), both of which are
frequently referred to as 'SSL', are cryptographic protocols that provide communications security over a
computer network.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

77. - (Exam Topic 4)
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is the worldwide not-for-profit charitable organization
focused on improving the security of software. What item is the primary concern on OWASP's Top Ten
Project Most Critical Web Application Security Risks?
A. Injection
B. Cross Site Scripting
C. Cross Site Request Forgery
D. Path disclosure
Answer: A
Explanation:
The top item of the OWASP 2013 OWASP's Top Ten Project Most Critical Web Application Security Risks
is injection.
Injection flaws, such as SQL, OS, and LDAP injection occur when untrusted data is sent to an interpreter as
part of a command or query. The attacker’s hostile data can trick the interpreter into executing unintended
commands or accessing data without proper authorization.
References: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Top_10_2013-Top_10

78. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which regulation defines security and privacy controls for Federal information systems and organizations?
A. NIST-800-53
B. PCI-DSS
C. EU Safe Harbor
D. HIPAA
Answer: A
Explanation:
NIST Special Publication 800-53, "Security and Privacy Controls for Federal Information Systems and
Organizations," provides a catalog of security controls for all U.S. federal information systems except those
related to national security.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NIST_Special_Publication_800-53
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

79. - (Exam Topic 4)
A penetration tester is conducting a port scan on a specific host. The tester found several ports opened that
were confusing in concluding the Operating System (OS) version installed. Considering the NMAP result
below, which of the following is likely to be installed on the target machine by the OS?

A. The host is likely a printer.
B. The host is likely a Windows machine.
C. The host is likely a Linux machine.
D. The host is likely a router.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The Internet Printing Protocol (IPP) uses port 631.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_TCP_and_UDP_port_numbers

80. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is not a Bluetooth attack?
A. Bluedriving
B. Bluejacking
C. Bluesmacking
D. Bluesnarfing
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

81. - (Exam Topic 4)
Nation-state threat actors often discover vulnerabilities and hold on to them until they want to launch a
sophisticated attack. The Stuxnet attack was an unprecedented style of attack because it used four types of
vulnerability.
What is this style of attack called?
A. zero-day
B. zero-hour
C. zero-sum
D. no-day
Answer: A
Explanation:
Stuxnet is a malicious computer worm believed to be a jointly built American-Israeli cyber weapon.
Exploiting four zero-day flaws, Stuxnet functions by targeting machines using the Microsoft Windows
operating system and networks, then seeking out Siemens Step7 software.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stuxnet

82. - (Exam Topic 4)
After trying multiple exploits, you've gained root access to a Centos 6 server. To ensure you maintain
access, what would you do first?
A. Create User Account
B. Disable Key Services
C. Disable IPTables
D. Download and Install Netcat
Answer: A

83. - (Exam Topic 4)
Which of the following is the greatest threat posed by backups?
A. A backup is the source of Malware or illicit information.
B. A backup is unavailable during disaster recovery.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. A backup is incomplete because no verification was performed.
D. An un-encrypted backup can be misplaced or stolen.
Answer: D
Explanation:
If the data written on the backup media is properly encrypted, it will be useless for anyone without the key.
References:
http://resources.infosecinstitute.com/backup-media-encryption/

Topic 5, Exam Pool E
1. - (Exam Topic 5)
Todd has been asked by the security officer to purchase a counter-based authentication system. Which of
the following best describes this type of system?
A. A biometric system that bases authentication decisions on behavioral attributes.
B. A biometric system that bases authentication decisions on physical attributes.
C. An authentication system that creates one-time passwords that are encrypted with secret keys.
D. An authentication system that uses passphrases that are converted into virtual passwords.
Answer: C

2. - (Exam Topic 5)
The "gray box testing" methodology enforces what kind of restriction?
A. The internal operation of a system is only partly accessible to the tester.
B. The internal operation of a system is completely known to the tester.
C. Only the external operation of a system is accessible to the tester.
D. Only the internal operation of a system is known to the tester.
Answer: A
Explanation:
A black-box tester is unaware of the internal structure of the application to be tested, while a white-box
tester has access to the internal structure of the application. A gray-box tester partially knows the internal
structure, which includes access to the documentation of internal data structures as well as the algorithms
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

used.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_box_testing

3. - (Exam Topic 5)
A penetration test was done at a company. After the test, a report was written and given to the company's
IT authorities. A section from the report is shown below:
According to the section from the report, which of the following choice is true?
A. MAC Spoof attacks cannot be performed.
B. Possibility of SQL Injection attack is eliminated.
C. A stateful firewall can be used between intranet (LAN) and DMZ.
D. There is access control policy between VLANs.
Answer: C

4. - (Exam Topic 5)
What mechanism in Windows prevents a user from accidentally executing a potentially malicious batch
(.bat) or PowerShell (.ps1) script?
A. User Access Control (UAC)
B. Data Execution Prevention (DEP)
C. Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR)
D. Windows firewall
Answer: B

5. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following tools performs comprehensive tests against web servers, including dangerous files
and CGIs?
A. Nikto
B. Snort
C. John the Ripper
D. Dsniff
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A
Explanation:
Nikto is an Open Source (GPL) web server scanner which performs comprehensive tests against web
servers for multiple items, including over 6700 potentially dangerous files/CGIs, checks for outdated
versions of over 1250 servers, and version specific problems on over 270 servers. It also checks for server
configuration items such as the presence of multiple index files, HTTP server options, and will attempt to
identify installed web servers and software. Scan items and plugins are frequently updated and can be
automatically updated.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikto_Web_Scanner

6. - (Exam Topic 5)
An attacker tries to do banner grabbing on a remote web server and executes the following command.

Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at http://nmap.org/submit/. Nmap done: 1
IP address (1 host up) scanned in 6.42 seconds
What did the hacker accomplish?
A. nmap can't retrieve the version number of any running remote service.
B. The hacker successfully completed the banner grabbing.
C. The hacker should've used nmap -O host.domain.com.
D. The hacker failed to do banner grabbing as he didn't get the version of the Apache web server.
Answer: B

7. - (Exam Topic 5)
In both pharming and phishing attacks an attacker can create websites that look similar to legitimate sites
with the intent of collecting personal identifiable information from its victims. What is the difference between

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

pharming and phishing attacks?
A. In a pharming attack a victim is redirected to a fake website by modifying their host configuration file or
by exploiting vulnerabilities in DNS. In a phishing attack an attacker provides the victim with a URL that is
either misspelled or looks similar to the actual websites domain name.
B. Both pharming and phishing attacks are purely technical and are not considered forms of social
engineering.
C. Both pharming and phishing attacks are identical.
D. In a phishing attack a victim is redirected to a fake website by modifying their host configuration file or by
exploiting vulnerabilities in DNS. In a pharming attack an attacker provides the victim with a URL that is
either misspelled or looks very similar to the actual websites domain name.
Answer: A

8. - (Exam Topic 5)
By using a smart card and pin, you are using a two-factor authentication that satisfies
A. Something you know and something you are
B. Something you have and something you know
C. Something you have and something you are
D. Something you are and something you remember
Answer: B

9. - (Exam Topic 5)
In many states sending spam is illegal. Thus, the spammers have techniques to try and ensure that no one
knows they sent the spam out to thousands of users at a time. Which of the following best describes what
spammers use to hide the origin of these types of e-mails?
A. A blacklist of companies that have their mail server relays configured to allow traffic only to their specific
domain name.
B. Mail relaying, which is a technique of bouncing e-mail from internal to external mails servers
continuously.
C. A blacklist of companies that have their mail server relays configured to be wide open.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Tools that will reconfigure a mail server's relay component to send the e-mail back to the spammers
occasionally.
Answer: B

10. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is the way to decide how a packet will move from an untrusted outside host to a protected inside that
is behind a firewall, which permits the hacker to determine which ports are open and if the packets can pass
through the packet-filtering of the firewall?
A. Firewalking
B. Session hijacking
C. Network sniffing
D. Man-in-the-middle attack
Answer: A

11. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following is one of the most effective ways to prevent Cross-site Scripting (XSS) flaws in
software applications?
A. Validate and escape all information sent to a server
B. Use security policies and procedures to define and implement proper security settings
C. Verify access right before allowing access to protected information and UI controls
D. Use digital certificates to authenticate a server prior to sending data
Answer: A
Explanation:
Contextual output encoding/escaping could be used as the primary defense mechanism to stop Cross-site
Scripting (XSS) attacks.
References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting#Contextual_output_encoding.2Fescaping_of_string_input

12. - (Exam Topic 5)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A large mobile telephony and data network operator has a data that houses network elements. These are
essentially large computers running on Linux. The perimeter of the data center is secured with firewalls and
IPS systems. What is the best security policy concerning this setup?
A. Network elements must be hardened with user ids and strong passwords. Regular security tests and
audits should be performed.
B. As long as the physical access to the network elements is restricted, there is no need for additional
measures.
C. There is no need for specific security measures on the network elements as long as firewalls and IPS
systems exist.
D. The operator knows that attacks and down time are inevitable and should have a backup site.
Answer: A

13. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is the most common method to exploit the “Bash Bug” or “ShellShock" vulnerability?
A. Through Web servers utilizing CGI (Common Gateway Interface) to send a malformed environment
variable to a vulnerable Web server
B. Manipulate format strings in text fields
C. SSH
D. SYN Flood
Answer: A
Explanation:
Shellshock, also known as Bashdoor, is a family of security bugs in the widely used Unix Bash shell. One
specific exploitation vector of the Shellshock bug is CGI-based web servers.
Note: When a web server uses the Common Gateway Interface (CGI) to handle a document request, it
passes various details of the request to a handler program in the environment variable list. For example, the
variable HTTP_USER_AGENT has a value that, in normal usage, identifies the program sending the
request. If the request handler is a Bash script, or if it executes one for example using the system call, Bash
will receive the environment variables passed by the server and will process them. This provides a means
for an attacker to trigger the Shellshock vulnerability with a specially crafted server request.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shellshock_(software_bug)#Specific_exploitation_vectors

14. - (Exam Topic 5)
PGP, SSL, and IKE are all examples of which type of cryptography?
A. Public Key
B. Secret Key
C. Hash Algorithm
D. Digest
Answer: A
Explanation:
Public-key algorithms are fundamental security ingredients in cryptosystems, applications and protocols.
They underpin various Internet standards, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL),Transport Layer Security
(TLS), S/MIME, PGP, Internet Key Exchange (IKE or IKEv2), and GPG.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography

15. - (Exam Topic 5)
Sid is a judge for a programming contest. Before the code reaches him it goes through a restricted OS and
is tested there. If it passes, then it moves onto Sid. What is this middle step called?
A. Fuzzy-testing the code
B. Third party running the code
C. Sandboxing the code
D. String validating the code
Answer: A

16. - (Exam Topic 5)
To determine if a software program properly handles a wide range of invalid input, a form of automated
testing can be used to randomly generate invalid input in an attempt to crash the program.
What term is commonly used when referring to this type of testing?
A. Fuzzing
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Randomizing
C. Mutating
D. Bounding
Answer: A
Explanation:
Fuzz testing or fuzzing is a software testing technique, often automated or semi-automated, that involves
providing invalid, unexpected, or random data to the inputs of a computer program. The program is then
monitored for exceptions such as crashes, or failing built-in code assertions or for finding potential memory
leaks. Fuzzing is commonly used to test for security problems in software or computer systems. It is a form
of random testing which has been used for testing hardware or software.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuzz_testing

17. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of these options is the most secure procedure for storing backup tapes?
A. In a climate controlled facility offsite
B. On a different floor in the same building
C. Inside the data center for faster retrieval in a fireproof safe
D. In a cool dry environment
Answer: A
Explanation:
An effective disaster data recovery strategy should consist of producing backup tapes and housing them in
an offsite storage facility. This way the data isn’t compromised if a natural disaster affects the business’
office. It is highly recommended that the backup tapes be handled properly and stored in a secure, climate
controlled facility. This provides peace of mind, and gives the business almost immediate stability after a
disaster.
References:
http://www.entrustrm.com/blog/1132/why-is-offsite-tape-storage-the-best-disaster-recovery-strategy

18. - (Exam Topic 5)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which protocol is used for setting up secured channels between two devices, typically in VPNs?
A. IPSEC
B. PEM
C. SET
D. PPP
Answer: A

19. - (Exam Topic 5)
An attacker with access to the inside network of a small company launches a successful STP manipulation
attack. What will he do next?
A. He will create a SPAN entry on the spoofed root bridge and redirect traffic to his computer.
B. He will activate OSPF on the spoofed root bridge.
C. He will repeat the same attack against all L2 switches of the network.
D. He will repeat this action so that it escalates to a DoS attack.
Answer: A

20. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following tools is used to analyze the files produced by several packet-capture programs such
as tcpdump, WinDump, Wireshark, and EtherPeek?
A. tcptrace
B. tcptraceroute
C. Nessus
D. OpenVAS
Answer: A
Explanation:
tcptrace is a tool for analysis of TCP dump files. It can take as input the files produced by several popular
packet-capture programs, including tcpdump/WinDump/Wireshark, snoop, EtherPeek, and Agilent
NetMetrix.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tcptrace
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

21. - (Exam Topic 5)
An Internet Service Provider (ISP) has a need to authenticate users connecting using analog modems,
Digital Subscriber Lines (DSL), wireless data services, and Virtual Private Networks (VPN) over a Frame
Relay network.
Which AAA protocol is most likely able to handle this requirement?
A. RADIUS
B. DIAMETER
C. Kerberos
D. TACACS+
Answer: A
Explanation:
Because of the broad support and the ubiquitous nature of the RADIUS protocol, it is often used by ISPs
and enterprises to manage access to the Internet or internal networks, wireless networks, and integrated
e-mail services. These networks may incorporate modems, DSL, access points, VPNs, network ports, web
servers, etc.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RADIUS

22. - (Exam Topic 5)
If there is an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) in intranet, which port scanning technique cannot be used?
A. Spoof Scan
B. TCP Connect scan
C. TCP SYN
D. Idle Scan
Answer: C

23. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which tier in the N-tier application architecture is responsible for moving and processing data between the
tiers?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Application Layer
B. Data tier
C. Presentation tier
D. Logic tier
Answer: D

24. - (Exam Topic 5)
The chance of a hard drive failure is once every three years. The cost to buy a new hard drive is $300. It will
require 10 hours to restore the OS and software to the new hard disk. It will require a further 4 hours to
restore the database from the last backup to the new hard disk. The recovery person earns $10/hour.
Calculate the SLE, ARO, and ALE. Assume the EF = 1 (100%).
What is the closest approximate cost of this replacement and recovery operation per year?
A. $146
B. $1320
C. $440
D. $100
Answer: A
Explanation:
The annualized loss expectancy (ALE) is the product of the annual rate of occurrence (ARO) and the single
loss expectancy (SLE).
Suppose than an asset is valued at $100,000, and the Exposure Factor (EF) for this asset is 25%. The
single loss expectancy (SLE) then, is 25% * $100,000, or $25,000.
In our example the ARO is 33%, and the SLE is 300+14*10 (as EF=1). The ALO is thus: 33%*(300+14*10)
which equals 146.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annualized_loss_expectancy

25. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following types of firewalls ensures that the packets are part of the established session?
A. Stateful inspection firewall
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Circuit-level firewall
C. Application-level firewall
D. Switch-level firewall
Answer: A
Explanation:
A stateful firewall is a network firewall that tracks the operating state and characteristics of network
connections traversing it. The firewall is configured to distinguish legitimate packets for different types of
connections. Only packets matching a known active connection (session) are allowed to pass the firewall.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stateful_firewall

26. - (Exam Topic 5)
You work as a Security Analyst for a retail organization. In securing the company's network, you set up a
firewall and an IDS. However, hackers are able to attack the network. After investigating, you discover that
your IDS is not configured properly and therefore is unable to trigger alarms when needed. What type of
alert is the IDS giving?
A. False Negative
B. False Positive
C. True Negative
D. True Positive
Answer: A
Explanation:
A false negative error, or in short false negative, is where a test result indicates that a condition failed, while
it actually was successful. I.e. erroneously no effect has been assumed.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_positives_and_false_negatives#False_negative_error

27. - (Exam Topic 5)
The establishment of a TCP connection involves a negotiation called 3 way handshake. What type of
message sends the client to the server in order to begin this negotiation?
A. RST
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. ACK
C. SYN-ACK
D. SYN
Answer: D

28. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following tools is used to detect wireless LANs using the 802.11a/b/g/n WLAN standards on a
linux platform?
A. Kismet
B. Nessus
C. Netstumbler
D. Abel
Answer: A
Explanation:
Kismet is a network detector, packet sniffer, and intrusion detection system for 802.11 wireless LANs.
Kismet will work with any wireless card which supports raw monitoring mode, and can sniff 802.11a,
802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n traffic. The program runs under Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, and
Mac OS X.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kismet_(software)

29. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which Metasploit Framework tool can help penetration tester for evading Anti-virus Systems?
A. msfpayload
B. msfcli
C. msfencode
D. msfd
Answer: C

30. - (Exam Topic 5)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A new wireless client is configured to join a 802.11 network. This client uses the same hardware and
software as many of the other clients on the network. The client can see the network, but cannot connect. A
wireless packet sniffer shows that the Wireless Access Point (WAP) is not responding to the association
requests being sent by the wireless client.
What is a possible source of this problem?
A. The WAP does not recognize the client’s MAC address
B. The client cannot see the SSID of the wireless network
C. Client is configured for the wrong channel
D. The wireless client is not configured to use DHCP
Answer: A
Explanation:
MAC Filtering (or GUI filtering, or layer 2 address filtering) refers to a security access control method
whereby the 48-bit address assigned to each network card is used to determine access to the network.
MAC Filtering is often used on wireless networks.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MAC_filtering

31. - (Exam Topic 5)
____ is a set of extensions to DNS that provide to DNS clients (resolvers) origin authentication of DNS data
to reduce the threat of DNS poisoning, spoofing, and similar attacks types.
A. DNSSEC
B. Zone transfer
C. Resource transfer
D. Resource records
Answer: A

32. - (Exam Topic 5)
An attacker attaches a rogue router in a network. He wants to redirect traffic to a LAN attached to his router
as part of a man-in-the-middle attack. What measure on behalf of the legitimate admin can mitigate this
attack?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Only using OSPFv3 will mitigate this risk.
B. Make sure that legitimate network routers are configured to run routing protocols with authentication.
C. Redirection of the traffic cannot happen unless the admin allows it explicitly.
D. Disable all routing protocols and only use static routes.
Answer: B

33. - (Exam Topic 5)
An Intrusion Detection System (IDS) has alerted the network administrator to a possibly malicious
sequence of packets sent to a Web server in the network's external DMZ. The packet traffic was captured
by the IDS and saved to a PCAP file.
What type of network tool can be used to determine if these packets are genuinely malicious or simply a
false positive?
A. Protocol analyzer
B. Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)
C. Network sniffer
D. Vulnerability scanner
Answer: A
Explanation:
A packet analyzer (also known as a network analyzer, protocol analyzer or packet sniffer—or, for particular
types of networks, an Ethernet sniffer or wireless sniffer) is a computer program or piece of computer
hardware that can intercept and log traffic that passes over a digital network or part of a network. A packet
analyzer can analyze packet traffic saved in a PCAP file.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Packet_analyzer

34. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following areas is considered a strength of symmetric key cryptography when compared with
asymmetric algorithms?
A. Scalability
B. Speed
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Key distribution
D. Security
Answer: B

35. - (Exam Topic 5)
The security concept of "separation of duties" is most similar to the operation of which type of security
device?
A. Firewall
B. Bastion host
C. Intrusion Detection System
D. Honeypot
Answer: A
Explanation:
In most enterprises the engineer making a firewall change is also the one reviewing the firewall metrics for
unauthorized changes. What if the firewall administrator wanted to hide something? How would anyone
ever find out? This is where the separation of duties comes in to focus on the responsibilities of tasks within
security.
References:
http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/tip/Modern-security-management-strategy-requires-security-separatio
n-of-d

36. - (Exam Topic 5)
The "black box testing" methodology enforces which kind of restriction?
A. Only the external operation of a system is accessible to the tester.
B. Only the internal operation of a system is known to the tester.
C. The internal operation of a system is only partly accessible to the tester.
D. The internal operation of a system is completely known to the tester.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Black-box testing is a method of software testing that examines the functionality of an application without
peering into its internal structures or workings.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black-box_testing

37. - (Exam Topic 5)
Attempting an injection attack on a web server based on responses to True/False questions is called which
of the following?
A. Blind SQLi
B. DMS-specific SQLi
C. Classic SQLi
D. Compound SQLi
Answer: A

38. - (Exam Topic 5)
You are an Ethical Hacker who is auditing the ABC company. When you verify the NOC one of the
machines has 2 connections, one wired and the other wireless. When you verify the configuration of this
Windows system you find two static routes.
route add 10.0.0.0 mask 255.0.0.0 10.0.0.1
route add 0.0.0.0 mask 255.0.0.0 199.168.0.1
What is the main purpose of those static routes?
A. Both static routes indicate that the traffic is external with different gateway.
B. The first static route indicates that the internal traffic will use an external gateway and the second static
route indicates that the traffic will be rerouted.
C. Both static routes indicate that the traffic is internal with different gateway.
D. The first static route indicates that the internal addresses are using the internal gateway and the second
static route indicates that all the traffic that is not internal must go to an external gateway.
Answer: D

39. - (Exam Topic 5)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following is designed to identify malicious attempts to penetrate systems?
A. Intrusion Detection System
B. Firewall
C. Proxy
D. Router
Answer: A
Explanation:
An intrusion detection system (IDS) is a device or software application that monitors network or system
activities for malicious activities or policy violations and produces electronic reports to a management
station.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrusion_detection_system

40. - (Exam Topic 5)
An attacker is using nmap to do a ping sweep and a port scanning in a subnet of 254 addresses.
In which order should he perform these steps?
A. The sequence does not matter. Both steps have to be performed against all hosts.
B. First the port scan to identify interesting services and then the ping sweep to find hosts responding to
icmp echo requests.
C. First the ping sweep to identify live hosts and then the port scan on the live hosts. This way he saves
time.
D. The port scan alone is adequate. This way he saves time.
Answer: C

41. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of these is capable of searching for and locating rogue access points?
A. HIDS
B. WISS
C. WIPS
D. NIDS
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: C

42. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following Nmap commands will produce the following output? Output:

A. nmap -sN -Ps -T4 192.168.1.1
B. nmap -sT -sX -Pn -p 1-65535 192.168.1.1
C. nmap -sS -Pn 192.168.1.1
D. nmap -sS -sU -Pn -p 1-65535 192.168.1.1
Answer: D

43. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which method of password cracking takes the most time and effort?
A. Brute force
B. Rainbow tables
C. Dictionary attack
D. Shoulder surfing
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A
Explanation:
Brute-force cracking, in which a computer tries every possible key or password until it succeeds, is typically
very time consuming. More common methods of password cracking, such as dictionary attacks, pattern
checking, word list substitution, etc. attempt to reduce the number of trials required and will usually be
attempted before brute force.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Password_cracking

44. - (Exam Topic 5)
To maintain compliance with regulatory requirements, a security audit of the systems on a network must be
performed to determine their compliance with security policies. Which one of the following tools would most
likely be used in such an audit?
A. Vulnerability scanner
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Port scanner
D. Intrusion Detection System
Answer: A
Explanation:
A vulnerability scanner is a computer program designed to assess computers, computer systems, networks
or applications for weaknesses.
They can be run either as part of vulnerability management by those tasked with protecting systems - or by
black hat attackers looking to gain unauthorized access.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulnerability_scanner

45. - (Exam Topic 5)
What does a firewall check to prevent particular ports and applications from getting packets into an
organization?
A. Transport layer port numbers and application layer headers
B. Presentation layer headers and the session layer port numbers
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Network layer headers and the session layer port numbers
D. Application layer port numbers and the transport layer headers
Answer: A
Explanation:
Newer firewalls can filter traffic based on many packet attributes like source IP address, source port,
destination IP address or transport layer port, destination service like WWW or FTP. They can filter based
on protocols, TTL values, netblock of originator, of the source, and many other attributes.
Application layer firewalls are responsible for filtering at 3, 4, 5, 7 layer. Because they analyze the
application layer headers, most firewall control and filtering is performed actually in the software.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firewall_(computing)#Network_layer_or_packet_filters
http://howdoesinternetwork.com/2012/application-layer-firewalls

46. - (Exam Topic 5)
A company's security policy states that all Web browsers must automatically delete their HTTP browser
cookies upon terminating. What sort of security breach is this policy attempting to mitigate?
A. Attempts by attackers to access Web sites that trust the Web browser user by stealing the user's
authentication credentials.
B. Attempts by attackers to access the user and password information stored in the company's SQL
database.
C. Attempts by attackers to access passwords stored on the user's computer without the user's knowledge.
D. Attempts by attackers to determine the user's Web browser usage patterns, including when sites were
visited and for how long.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Cookies can store passwords and form content a user has previously entered, such as a credit card
number or an address.
Cookies can be stolen using a technique called cross-site scripting. This occurs when an attacker takes
advantage of a website that allows its users to post unfiltered HTML and JavaScript content.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie#Cross-site_scripting_.E2.80.93_cookie_theft
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

47. - (Exam Topic 5)
The network in ABC company is using the network address 192.168.1.64 with mask 255.255.255.192. In
the network the servers are in the addresses 192.168.1.122, 192.168.1.123 and 192.168.1.124.
An attacker is trying to find those servers but he cannot see them in his scanning. The command he is using
is: nmap 192.168.1.64/28.
Why he cannot see the servers?
A. The network must be down and the nmap command and IP address are ok.
B. He needs to add the command ''''ip address'''' just before the IP address.
C. He is scanning from 192.168.1.64 to 192.168.1.78 because of the mask /28 and the servers are not in
that range.
D. He needs to change the address to 192.168.1.0 with the same mask.
Answer: C

48. - (Exam Topic 5)
Risks = Threats x Vulnerabilities is referred to as the:
A. Risk equation
B. Threat assessment
C. BIA equation
D. Disaster recovery formula
Answer: A
Explanation:
The most effective way to define risk is with this simple equation: Risk = Threat x Vulnerability x Cost
This equation is fundamental to all information security. References:
http://www.icharter.org/articles/risk_equation.html

49. - (Exam Topic 5)
While performing online banking using a Web browser, a user receives an email that contains a link to an
interesting Web site. When the user clicks on the link, another Web browser session starts and displays a
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

video of cats playing a piano. The next business day, the user receives what looks like an email from his
bank, indicating that his bank account has been accessed from a foreign country. The email asks the user
to call his bank and verify the authorization of a funds transfer that took place.
What Web browser-based security vulnerability was exploited to compromise the user?
A. Cross-Site Request Forgery
B. Cross-Site Scripting
C. Clickjacking
D. Web form input validation
Answer: A
Explanation:
Cross-site request forgery, also known as one-click attack or session riding and abbreviated as CSRF or
XSRF, is a type of malicious exploit of a website where unauthorized commands are transmitted from a
user that the website trusts.
Example and characteristics
If an attacker is able to find a reproducible link that executes a specific action on the target page while the
victim is being logged in there, he is able to embed such link on a page he controls and trick the victim into
opening it. The attack carrier link may be placed in a location that the victim is likely to visit while logged into
the target site (e.g. a discussion forum), sent in a HTML email body or attachment.

50. - (Exam Topic 5)
The company ABC recently contracted a new accountant. The accountant will be working with the financial
statements. Those financial statements need to be approved by the CFO and then they will be sent to the
accountant but the CFO is worried because he wants to be sure that the information sent to the accountant
was not modified once he approved it. What of the following options can be useful to ensure the integrity of
the data?
A. The document can be sent to the accountant using an exclusive USB for that document.
B. The CFO can use a hash algorithm in the document once he approved the financial statements.
C. The financial statements can be sent twice, one by email and the other delivered in USB and the
accountant can compare both to be sure it is the same document.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. The CFO can use an excel file with a password.
Answer: B

51. - (Exam Topic 5)
In cryptanalysis and computer security, 'pass the hash' is a hacking technique that allows an attacker to
authenticate to a remote server/service by using the underlying NTLM and/or LanMan hash of a user's
password, instead of requiring the associated plaintext password as is normally the case.
Metasploit Framework has a module for this technique: psexec. The psexec module is often used by
penetration testers to obtain access to a given system that you already know the credentials for. It was
written by sysinternals and has been integrated within the framework. Often as penetration testers,
successfully gain access to a system through some exploit, use meterpreter to grab the passwords or other
methods like fgdump, pwdump, or cachedump and then utilize rainbowtables to crack those hash values.
Which of the following is true hash type and sort order that is using in the psexec module's 'smbpass'?
A. NT:LM
B. LM:NT
C. LM:NTLM
D. NTLM:LM
Answer: B

52. - (Exam Topic 5)
Scenario: 1. Victim opens the attacker’s web site.
* 2. Attacker sets up a web site which contains interesting and attractive content like 'Do you want to make
S100 In a day?',
*3. Victim clicks to the interesting and attractive content url.
*4- Attacker creates a transparent iframe' in front of the url which victim attempt to click, so victim thinks that
he/she clicks to the 'Do you want to make $1000 in a day?' url but actually he/sne clicks to the content or url
that exists in the transparent iframe' which is setup by the attacker.
What is the name of the attack which is mentioned in the scenario?
A. HTTP Parameter Pollution
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. HTML Injection
C. Session Fixation
D. ClickJacking Attack
Answer: D

53. - (Exam Topic 5)
Eve stole a file named secret.txt, transferred it to her computer and she just entered these commands:

What is she trying to achieve?
A. She is encrypting the file.
B. She is using John the Ripper to view the contents of the file.
C. She is using ftp to transfer the file to another hacker named John.
D. She is using John the Ripper to crack the passwords in the secret.txt file.
Answer: D

54. - (Exam Topic 5)
Ricardo wants to send secret messages to a competitor company. To secure these messages, he uses a
technique of hiding a secret message within an ordinary message. The technique provides 'security through
obscurity'.
What technique is Ricardo using?
A. Steganography
B. Public-key cryptography
C. RSA algorithm
D. Encryption
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Explanation:
Steganography is the practice of concealing a file, message, image, or video within another file, message,
image, or video.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography

55. - (Exam Topic 5)
In Risk Management, how is the term "likelihood" related to the concept of "threat?"
A. Likelihood is the probability that a threat-source will exploit a vulnerability.
B. Likelihood is a possible threat-source that may exploit a vulnerability.
C. Likelihood is the likely source of a threat that could exploit a vulnerability.
D. Likelihood is the probability that a vulnerability is a threat-source.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The ability to analyze the likelihood of threats within the organization is a critical step in building an effective
security program. The process of assessing threat probability should be well defined and incorporated into
a broader threat analysis process to be effective.
References:
http://www.mcafee.com/campaign/securitybattleground/resources/chapter5/whitepaper-on-assessing-threa
t-attac

56. - (Exam Topic 5)
The "white box testing" methodology enforces what kind of restriction?
A. The internal operation of a system is completely known to the tester.
B. Only the external operation of a system is accessible to the tester.
C. Only the internal operation of a system is known to the tester.
D. The internal operation of a system is only partly accessible to the tester.
Answer: A
Explanation:
White-box testing (also known as clear box testing, glass box testing, transparent box testing, and structural
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

testing) is a method of testing software that tests internal structures or workings of an application, as
opposed to its functionality (i.e. black-box testing). In white-box testing an internal perspective of the system,
as well as programming skills, are used to design test cases.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White-box_testing

57. - (Exam Topic 5)
Craig received a report of all the computers on the network that showed all the missing patches and weak
passwords. What type of software generated this report?
A. a port scanner
B. a vulnerability scanner
C. a virus scanner
D. a malware scanner
Answer: B

58. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following security operations is used for determining the attack surface of an organization?
A. Running a network scan to detect network services in the corporate DMZ
B. Training employees on the security policy regarding social engineering
C. Reviewing the need for a security clearance for each employee
D. Using configuration management to determine when and where to apply security patches
Answer: A
Explanation:
For a network scan the goal is to document the exposed attack surface along with any easily detected
vulnerabilities.
References:
http://meisecurity.com/home/consulting/consulting-network-scanning/

59. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following is considered the best way to protect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Web application vulnerabilities?
A. Use cryptographic storage to store all PII
B. Use encrypted communications protocols to transmit PII
C. Use full disk encryption on all hard drives to protect PII
D. Use a security token to log into all Web applications that use PII
Answer: A
Explanation:
As a matter of good practice any PII should be protected with strong encryption.
References: https://cuit.columbia.edu/cuit/it-security-practices/handling-personally-identifying-information

60. - (Exam Topic 5)
Session splicing is an IDS evasion technique in which an attacker delivers data in multiple, smallsized
packets to the target computer, making it very difficult for an IDS to detect the attack signatures.
Which tool can be used to perform session splicing attacks?
A. Whisker
B. tcpsplice
C. Burp
D. Hydra
Answer: A
Explanation:
One basic technique is to split the attack payload into multiple small packets, so that the IDS must
reassemble the packet stream to detect the attack. A simple way of splitting packets is by fragmenting them,
but an adversary can also simply craft packets with small payloads. The 'whisker' evasion tool calls crafting
packets with small payloads 'session splicing'.
References:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrusion_detection_system_evasion_techniques#Fragmentation_and_small_
packe

61. - (Exam Topic 5)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

An attacker is trying to redirect the traffic of a small office. That office is using their own mail server, DNS
server and NTP server because of the importance of their job. The attacker gains access to the DNS server
and redirects the direction www.google.com to his own IP address. Now when the employees of the office
want to go to Google they are being redirected to the attacker machine. What is the name of this kind of
attack?
A. ARP Poisoning
B. Smurf Attack
C. DNS spoofing
D. MAC Flooding
Answer: C

62. - (Exam Topic 5)
The company ABC recently discovered that their new product was released by the opposition before their
premiere. They contract an investigator who discovered that the maid threw away papers with confidential
information about the new product and the opposition found it in the garbage. What is the name of the
technique used by the opposition?
A. Hack attack
B. Sniffing
C. Dumpster diving
D. Spying
Answer: C

63. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following is a low-tech way of gaining unauthorized access to systems?
A. Social Engineering
B. Sniffing
C. Eavesdropping
D. Scanning
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Explanation:
Social engineering, in the context of information security, refers to psychological manipulation of people into
performing actions or divulging confidential information. A type of confidence trick for the purpose of
information gathering, fraud, or system access.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_engineering_(security)

64. - (Exam Topic 5)
During a security audit of IT processes, an IS auditor found that there were no documented security
procedures. What should the IS auditor do?
A. Identify and evaluate existing practices
B. Create a procedures document
C. Conduct compliance testing
D. Terminate the audit
Answer: A
Explanation:
The auditor should first evaluated existing policies and practices to identify problem areas and
opportunities.

65. - (Exam Topic 5)
Due to a slowdown of normal network operations, IT department decided to monitor internet traffic for all of
the employees. From a legal stand point, what would be troublesome to take this kind of measure?
A. All of the employees would stop normal work activities
B. IT department would be telling employees who the boss is
C. Not informing the employees that they are going to be monitored could be an invasion of privacy.
D. The network could still experience traffic slow down.
Answer: C

66. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is the role of test automation in security testing?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. It can accelerate benchmark tests and repeat them with a consistent test setup. But it cannot replace
manual testing completely.
B. It is an option but it tends to be very expensive.
C. It should be used exclusively. Manual testing is outdated because of low speed and possible test setup
inconsistencies.
D. Test automation is not usable in security due to the complexity of the tests.
Answer: A

67. - (Exam Topic 5)
Sophia travels a lot and worries that her laptop containing confidential documents might be stolen. What is
the best protection that will work for her?
A. Password protected files
B. Hidden folders
C. BIOS password
D. Full disk encryption.
Answer: D

68. - (Exam Topic 5)
A well-intentioned researcher discovers a vulnerability on the web site of a major corporation. What should
he do?
A. Ignore it.
B. Try to sell the information to a well-paying party on the dark web.
C. Notify the web site owner so that corrective action be taken as soon as possible to patch the
vulnerability.
D. Exploit the vulnerability without harming the web site owner so that attention be drawn to the problem.
Answer: C

69. - (Exam Topic 5)
What two conditions must a digital signature meet?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Has to be unforgeable, and has to be authentic.
B. Has to be legible and neat.
C. Must be unique and have special characters.
D. Has to be the same number of characters as a physical signature and must be unique.
Answer: A

70. - (Exam Topic 5)
A hacker has managed to gain access to a Linux host and stolen the password file from /etc/passwd. How
can he use it?
A. The password file does not contain the passwords themselves.
B. He can open it and read the user ids and corresponding passwords.
C. The file reveals the passwords to the root user only.
D. He cannot read it because it is encrypted.
Answer: A

71. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which Intrusion Detection System is best applicable for large environments where critical assets on the
network need extra security and is ideal for observing sensitive network segments?
A. Network-based intrusion detection system (NIDS)
B. Host-based intrusion detection system (HIDS)
C. Firewalls
D. Honeypots
Answer: A

72. - (Exam Topic 5)
A company's Web development team has become aware of a certain type of security vulnerability in their
Web software. To mitigate the possibility of this vulnerability being exploited, the team wants to modify the
software requirements to disallow users from entering HTML as input into their Web application.
What kind of Web application vulnerability likely exists in their software?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Cross-site scripting vulnerability
B. Cross-site Request Forgery vulnerability
C. SQL injection vulnerability
D. Web site defacement vulnerability
Answer: A
Explanation:
Many operators of particular web applications (e.g. forums and webmail) allow users to utilize a limited
subset of HTML markup. When accepting HTML input from users (say, <b>very</b> large), output
encoding (such as &lt;b&gt;very&lt;/b&gt; large) will not suffice since the user input needs to be rendered as
HTML by the browser (so it shows as "very large", instead of "<b>very</b> large"). Stopping an XSS attack
when accepting HTML input from users is much more complex in this situation. Untrusted HTML input must
be run through an HTML sanitization engine to ensure that it does not contain cross-site scripting code.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting#Safely_validating_untrusted_HTML_input

73. - (Exam Topic 5)
Bob learned that his username and password for a popular game has been compromised. He contacts the
company and resets all the information. The company suggests he use two-factor authentication, which
option below offers that?
A. A new username and password
B. A fingerprint scanner and his username and password.
C. Disable his username and use just a fingerprint scanner.
D. His username and a stronger password.
Answer: B

74. - (Exam Topic 5)
A network administrator discovers several unknown files in the root directory of his Linux FTP server. One
of the files is a tarball, two are shell script files, and the third is a binary file is named "nc." The FTP server's
access logs show that the anonymous user account logged in to the server, uploaded the files, and
extracted the contents of the tarball and ran the script using a function provided by the FTP server's
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

software. The ps command shows that the nc file is running as process, and the netstat command shows
the nc process is listening on a network port.
What kind of vulnerability must be present to make this remote attack possible?
A. File system permissions
B. Privilege escalation
C. Directory traversal
D. Brute force login
Answer: A
Explanation:
To upload files the user must have proper write file permissions.
References:
http://codex.wordpress.org/Hardening_WordPress

75. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following incident handling process phases is responsible for defining rules, collaborating
human workforce, creating a back-up plan, and testing the plans for an organization?
A. Preparation phase
B. Containment phase
C. Identification phase
D. Recovery phase
Answer: A
Explanation:
There are several key elements to have implemented in preparation phase in order to help mitigate any
potential problems that may hinder one’s ability to handle an incident. For the sake of brevity, the following
should be performed:
References: https://www.sans.org/reading-room/whitepapers/incident/incident-handlers-handbook-33901

76. - (Exam Topic 5)
An incident investigator asks to receive a copy of the event logs from all firewalls, proxy servers, and
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) on the network of an organization that has experienced a possible
breach of security. When the investigator attempts to correlate the information in all of the logs, the
sequence of many of the logged events do not match up.
What is the most likely cause?
A. The network devices are not all synchronized.
B. Proper chain of custody was not observed while collecting the logs.
C. The attacker altered or erased events from the logs.
D. The security breach was a false positive.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Time synchronization is an important middleware service of distributed systems, amongst which Distributed
Intrusion Detection System (DIDS) makes extensive use of time synchronization in particular.
References:
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/login.jsp?tp=
&arnumber=5619315&url=http%3A%2F%2Fieeexplore.ieee.org%2Fxpls%2Fabs_all.jsp%3Farnumber%3
D561

77. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is correct about digital signatures?
A. A digital signature cannot be moved from one signed document to another because it is the hash of the
original document encrypted with the private key of the signing party.
B. Digital signatures may be used in different documents of the same type.
C. A digital signature cannot be moved from one signed document to another because it is a plain hash of
the document content.
D. Digital signatures are issued once for each user and can be used everywhere until they expire.
Answer: A

78. - (Exam Topic 5)
Look at the following output. What did the hacker accomplish?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. The hacker used whois to gather publicly available records for the domain.
B. The hacker used the "fierce" tool to brute force the list of available domains.
C. The hacker listed DNS records on his own domain.
D. The hacker successfully transferred the zone and enumerated the hosts.
Answer: D

79. - (Exam Topic 5)
If executives are found liable for not properly protecting their company's assets and information systems,
what type of law would apply in this situation?
A. Civil
B. International
C. Criminal
D. Common
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

80. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following is considered an exploit framework and has the ability to perform automated attacks
on services, ports, applications and unpatched security flaws in a computer system?
A. Wireshark
B. Maltego
C. Metasploit
D. Nessus
Answer: C

81. - (Exam Topic 5)
What network security concept requires multiple layers of security controls to be placed throughout an IT
infrastructure, which improves the security posture of an organization to defend against malicious attacks or
potential vulnerabilities?
A. Security through obscurity
B. Host-Based Intrusion Detection System
C. Defense in depth
D. Network-Based Intrusion Detection System
Answer: C

82. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following tools can be used for passive OS fingerprinting?
A. tcpdump
B. nmap
C. ping
D. tracert
Answer: A
Explanation:
The passive operating system fingerprinting is a feature built into both the pf and tcpdump tools.
References:
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

http://geek00l.blogspot.se/2007/04/tcpdump-privilege-dropping-passive-os.html

83. - (Exam Topic 5)
Jimmy is standing outside a secure entrance to a facility. He is pretending to have a tense conversation on
his cell phone as an authorized employee badges in. Jimmy, while still on the phone, grabs the door as it
begins to close.
What just happened?
A. Phishing
B. Whaling
C. Tailgating
D. Masquerading
Answer: C

84. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is the correct process for the TCP three-way handshake connection establishment and connection
termination?
A. Connection Establishment: FIN, ACK-FIN, ACKConnection Termination: SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK
B. Connection Establishment: SYN, SYN-ACK, ACKConnection Termination: ACK, ACK-SYN, SYN
C. Connection Establishment: ACK, ACK-SYN, SYNConnection Termination: FIN, ACK-FIN, ACK
D. Connection Establishment: SYN, SYN-ACK, ACKConnection Termination: FIN, ACK-FIN, ACK
Answer: D

85. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is not a PCI compliance recommendation?
A. Limit access to card holder data to as few individuals as possible.
B. Use encryption to protect all transmission of card holder data over any public network.
C. Rotate employees handling credit card transactions on a yearly basis to different departments.
D. Use a firewall between the public network and the payment card data.
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

86. - (Exam Topic 5)
Websites and web portals that provide web services commonly use the Simple Object Access Protocol
SOAP. Which of the following is an incorrect definition or characteristics in the protocol?
A. Based on XML
B. Provides a structured model for messaging
C. Exchanges data between web services
D. Only compatible with the application protocol HTTP
Answer: D

87. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following statements regarding ethical hacking is incorrect?
A. Ethical hackers should never use tools or methods that have the potential of exploiting vulnerabilities in
an organization's systems.
B. Testing should be remotely performed offsite.
C. An organization should use ethical hackers who do not sell vendor hardware/software or other consulting
services.
D. Ethical hacking should not involve writing to or modifying the target systems.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Ethical hackers use the same methods and techniques, including those that have the potential of exploiting
vulnerabilities, to test and bypass a system's defenses as their less-principled counterparts, but rather than
taking advantage of any vulnerabilities found, they document them and provide actionable advice on how to
fix them so the organization can improve its overall security.
References:
http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/definition/ethical-hacker

88. - (Exam Topic 5)
An IT employee got a call from one of our best customers. The caller wanted to know about the company's
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

network infrastructure, systems, and team. New opportunities of integration are in sight for both company
and customer. What should this employee do?
A. Since the company's policy is all about Customer Service, he/she will provide information.
B. Disregarding the call, the employee should hang up.
C. The employee should not provide any information without previous management authorization.
D. The employees can not provide any information; but, anyway, he/she will provide the name of the person
in charge.
Answer: C

89. - (Exam Topic 5)
When purchasing a biometric system, one of the considerations that should be reviewed is the processing
speed. Which of the following best describes what it is meant by processing?
A. The amount of time it takes to convert biometric data into a template on a smart card.
B. The amount of time and resources that are necessary to maintain a biometric system.
C. The amount of time it takes to be either accepted or rejected form when an individual provides
Identification and authentication information.
D. How long it takes to setup individual user accounts.
Answer: C

90. - (Exam Topic 5)
What term describes the amount of risk that remains after the vulnerabilities are classified and the
countermeasures have been deployed?
A. Residual risk
B. Inherent risk
C. Deferred risk
D. Impact risk
Answer: A
Explanation:
The residual risk is the risk or danger of an action or an event, a method or a (technical) process that,
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

although being abreast with science, still conceives these dangers, even if all theoretically possible safety
measures would be applied (scientifically conceivable measures); in other words, the amount of risk left
over after natural or inherent risks have been reduced by risk controls.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Residual_risk

91. - (Exam Topic 5)
Cryptography is the practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of third
parties (called adversaries.) More generally, it is about constructing and analyzing protocols that overcome
the influence of adversaries and that are related to various aspects in information security such as data
confidentiality, data integrity, authentication, and non-repudiation. Modern cryptography intersects the
disciplines of mathematics, computer science, and electrical engineering. Applications of cryptography
include ATM cards, computer passwords, and electronic commerce.
Basic example to understand how cryptography works is given below:

Which of the following choices is true about cryptography?
A. Algorithm is not the secret, key is the secret.
B. Symmetric-key algorithms are a class of algorithms for cryptography that use the different cryptographic
keys for both encryption of plaintext and decryption of ciphertext.
C. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) use the asymmetric encryption both (public/private key pair) to deliver the
shared session key and to achieve a communication way.
D. Public-key cryptography, also known as asymmetric cryptography, public key is for decrypt, private key
is for encrypt.
Answer: C

92. - (Exam Topic 5)
You're doing an internal security audit and you want to find out what ports are open on all the servers. What
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

is the best way to find out?
A. Scan servers with Nmap
B. Physically go to each server
C. Scan servers with MBSA
D. Telent to every port on each server
Answer: A

93. - (Exam Topic 5)
You want to do an ICMP scan on a remote computer using hping2. What is the proper syntax?
A. hping2 host.domain.com
B. hping2 --set-ICMP host.domain.com
C. hping2 -i host.domain.com
D. hping2 -1 host.domain.com
Answer: D

94. - (Exam Topic 5)
Rebecca commonly sees an error on her Windows system that states that a Data Execution Prevention
(DEP) error has taken place. Which of the following is most likely taking place?
A. A race condition is being exploited, and the operating system is containing the malicious process.
B. A page fault is occurring, which forces the operating system to write data from the hard drive.
C. Malware is executing in either ROM or a cache memory area.
D. Malicious code is attempting to execute instruction in a non-executable memory region.
Answer: D

95. - (Exam Topic 5)
What is the difference between the AES and RSA algorithms?
A. Both are asymmetric algorithms, but RSA uses 1024-bit keys.
B. RSA is asymmetric, which is used to create a public/private key pair; AES is symmetric, which is used to
encrypt data.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Both are symmetric algorithms, but AES uses 256-bit keys.
D. AES is asymmetric, which is used to create a public/private key pair; RSA is symmetric, which is used to
encrypt data.
Answer: B

96. - (Exam Topic 5)
Seth is starting a penetration test from inside the network. He hasn't been given any information about the
network. What type of test is he conducting?
A. Internal Whitebox
B. External, Whitebox
C. Internal, Blackbox
D. External, Blackbox
Answer: C

97. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following is a protocol specifically designed for transporting event messages?
A. SYSLOG
B. SMS
C. SNMP
D. ICMP
Answer: A
Explanation:
syslog is a standard for message logging. It permits separation of the software that generates messages,
the system that stores them, and the software that reports and analyzes them. Each message is labeled
with a facility code, indicating the software type generating the message, and assigned a severity label.
References: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syslog#Network_protocol

98. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following programming languages is most susceptible to buffer overflow attacks, due to its lack
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

of a built-in-bounds checking mechanism?

Output: Segmentation fault
A. C#
B. Python
C. Java
D. C++
Answer: D

99. - (Exam Topic 5)
You are the Systems Administrator for a large corporate organization. You need to monitor all network
traffic on your local network for suspicious activities and receive notifications when an attack is occurring.
Which tool would allow you to accomplish this goal?
A. Network-based IDS
B. Firewall
C. Proxy
D. Host-based IDS
Answer: A
Explanation:
A network-based intrusion detection system (NIDS) is used to monitor and analyze network traffic to protect
a system from network-based threats.
A NIDS reads all inbound packets and searches for any suspicious patterns. When threats are discovered,
based on its severity, the system can take action such as notifying administrators, or barring the source IP
address from accessing the network.
References: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/12941/network-based-intrusion-detection-system-nids

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

100. - (Exam Topic 5)
In order to have an anonymous Internet surf, which of the following is best choice?
A. Use SSL sites when entering personal information
B. Use Tor network with multi-node
C. Use shared WiFi
D. Use public VPN
Answer: B

101. - (Exam Topic 5)
Emil uses nmap to scan two hosts using this command. nmap -sS -T4 -O 192.168.99.1 192.168.99.7
He receives this output:

What is his conclusion?
A. Host 192.168.99.7 is an iPad.
B. He performed a SYN scan and OS scan on hosts 192.168.99.1 and 192.168.99.7.
C. Host 192.168.99.1 is the host that he launched the scan from.
D. Host 192.168.99.7 is down.
Answer: B

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

102. - (Exam Topic 5)
An attacker gains access to a Web server's database and displays the contents of the table that holds all of
the names, passwords, and other user information. The attacker did this by entering information into the
Web site's user login page that the software's designers did not expect to be entered. This is an example of
what kind of software design problem?
A. Insufficient input validation
B. Insufficient exception handling
C. Insufficient database hardening
D. Insufficient security management
Answer: A
Explanation:
The most common web application security weakness is the failure to properly validate input coming from
the client or from the environment before using it. This weakness leads to almost all of the major
vulnerabilities in web applications, such as cross site scripting, SQL injection, interpreter injection,
locale/Unicode attacks, file system attacks, and buffer overflows.
References: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Testing_for_Input_Validation

103. - (Exam Topic 5)
Internet Protocol Security IPSec is actually a suite of protocols. Each protocol within the suite provides
different functionality. Collective IPSec does everything except.
A. Protect the payload and the headers
B. Authenticate
C. Encrypt
D. Work at the Data Link Layer
Answer: D

104. - (Exam Topic 5)
Which of the following is a passive wireless packet analyzer that works on Linux-based systems?
A. Burp Suite
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. OpenVAS
C. tshark
D. Kismet
Answer: D

Topic 6, Exam Pool F
1. - (Exam Topic 6)
While performing online banking using a Web browser, Kyle receives an email that contains an image of a
well-crafted art. Upon clicking the image, a new tab on the web browser opens and shows an animated GIF
of bills and coins being swallowed by a crocodile. After several days, Kyle noticed that all his funds on the
bank was gone. What Web browser-based security vulnerability got exploited by the hacker?
A. Clickjacking
B. Web Form Input Validation
C. Cross-Site Request Forgery
D. Cross-Site Scripting
Answer: C

2. - (Exam Topic 6)
A specific site received 91 ICMP_ECHO packets within 90 minutes from 47 different sites.
77 of the ICMP_ECHO packets had an ICMP ID:39612 and Seq:57072. 13 of the ICMP_ECHO packets
had an ICMP ID:0 and Seq:0. What can you infer from this information?
A. The packets were sent by a worm spoofing the IP addresses of 47 infected sites
B. ICMP ID and Seq numbers were most likely set by a tool and not by the operating system
C. All 77 packets came from the same LAN segment and hence had the same ICMP ID and Seq number
D. 13 packets were from an external network and probably behind a NAT, as they had an ICMP ID 0 and
Seq 0
Answer: B

3. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

One of the Forbes 500 companies has been subjected to a large scale attack. You are one of the shortlisted
pen testers that they may hire. During the interview with the CIO, he emphasized that he wants to totally
eliminate all risks. What is one of the first things you should do when hired?
A. Interview all employees in the company to rule out possible insider threats.
B. Establish attribution to suspected attackers.
C. Explain to the CIO that you cannot eliminate all risk, but you will be able to reduce risk to acceptable
levels.
D. Start the Wireshark application to start sniffing network traffic.
Answer: C

4. - (Exam Topic 6)
You’ve just discovered a server that is currently active within the same network with the machine you
recently compromised. You ping it but it did not respond. What could be the case?
A. TCP/IP doesn’t support ICMP
B. ARP is disabled on the target server
C. ICMP could be disabled on the target server
D. You need to run the ping command with root privileges
Answer: C

5. - (Exam Topic 6)
In an internal security audit, the white hat hacker gains control over a user account and attempts to acquire
access to another account's confidential files and information. How can he achieve this?
A. Port Scanning
B. Hacking Active Directory
C. Privilege Escalation
D. Shoulder-Surfing
Answer: C

6. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

You have initiated an active operating system fingerprinting attempt with nmap against a target system:

What operating system is the target host running based on the open ports shown above?
A. Windows XP
B. Windows 98 SE
C. Windows NT4 Server
D. Windows 2000 Server
Answer: D

7. - (Exam Topic 6)
If you are to determine the attack surface of an organization, which of the following is the BEST thing to do?
A. Running a network scan to detect network services in the corporate DMZ
B. Reviewing the need for a security clearance for each employee
C. Using configuration management to determine when and where to apply security patches
D. Training employees on the security policy regarding social engineering
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

8. - (Exam Topic 6)
A software tester is randomly generating invalid inputs in an attempt to crash the program. Which of the
following is a software testing technique used to determine if a software program properly handles a wide
range of invalid input?
A. Mutating
B. Randomizing
C. Fuzzing
D. Bounding
Answer: C

9. - (Exam Topic 6)
The practical realities facing organizations today make risk response strategies essential. Which of the
following is NOT one of the five basic responses to risk?
A. Accept
B. Mitigate
C. Delegate
D. Avoid
Answer: C

10. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which among the following is a Windows command that a hacker can use to list all the shares to which the
current user context has access?
A. NET FILE
B. NET USE
C. NET CONFIG
D. NET VIEW
Answer: B

11. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

As an Ethical Hacker you are capturing traffic from your customer network with Wireshark and you need to
find and verify just SMTP traffic. What command in Wireshark will help you to find this kind of traffic?
A. request smtp 25
B. tcp.port eq 25
C. smtp port
D. tcp.contains port 25
Answer: B

12. - (Exam Topic 6)
What tool and process are you going to use in order to remain undetected by an IDS while pivoting and
passing traffic over a server you’ve compromised and gained root access to?
A. Install Cryptcat and encrypt outgoing packets from this server.
B. Use HTTP so that all traffic can be routed via a browser, thus evading the internal Intrusion Detection
Systems.
C. Use Alternate Data Streams to hide the outgoing packets from this server.
Answer: B

13. - (Exam Topic 6)
There are several ways to gain insight on how a cryptosystem works with the goal of reverse engineering
the process. A term describes when two pieces of data result in the same value is?
A. Collision
B. Collusion
C. Polymorphism
D. Escrow
Answer: A

14. - (Exam Topic 6)
A server has been infected by a certain type of Trojan. The hacker intended to utilize it to send and host
junk mails. What type of Trojan did the hacker use?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Turtle Trojans
B. Ransomware Trojans
C. Botnet Trojan
D. Banking Trojans
Answer: C

15. - (Exam Topic 6)
The security administrator of ABC needs to permit Internet traffic in the host 10.0.0.2 and UDP traffic in the
host 10.0.0.3. Also he needs to permit all FTP traffic to the rest of the network and deny all other traffic.
After he applied his ACL configuration in the router nobody can access to the ftp and the permitted hosts
cannot access to the Internet. According to the next configuration what is happening in the network?

A. The ACL 110 needs to be changed to port 80
B. The ACL for FTP must be before the ACL 110
C. The first ACL is denying all TCP traffic and the other ACLs are being ignored by the router
D. The ACL 104 needs to be first because is UDP
Answer: C

16. - (Exam Topic 6)
Security and privacy of/on information systems are two entities that requires lawful regulations. Which of
the following regulations defines security and privacy controls for Federal information systems and
organizations?
A. NIST SP 800-53
B. PCI-DSS
C. EU Safe Harbor
D. HIPAA
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

17. - (Exam Topic 6)
First thing you do every office day is to check your email inbox. One morning, you received an email from
your best friend and the subject line is quite strange. What should you do?
A. Delete the email and pretend nothing happened.
B. Forward the message to your supervisor and ask for her opinion on how to handle the situation.
C. Forward the message to your company’s security response team and permanently delete the
messagefrom your computer.
D. Reply to the sender and ask them for more information about the message contents.
Answer: C

18. - (Exam Topic 6)
........is an attack type for a rogue Wi-Fi access point that appears to be a legitimate one offered on the
premises, but actually has been set up to eavesdrop on wireless communications. It is the wireless version
of the phishing scam. An attacker fools wireless users into connecting a laptop or mobile phone to a tainted
hotspot by posing as a legitimate provider. This type of attack may be used to steal the passwords of
unsuspecting users by either snooping the communication link or by phishing, which involves setting up a
fraudulent web site and luring people there.
Fill in the blank with appropriate choice.
A. Collision Attack
B. Evil Twin Attack
C. Sinkhole Attack
D. Signal Jamming Attack
Answer: B

19. - (Exam Topic 6)
What is the term coined for logging, recording and resolving events in a company?
A. Internal Procedure
B. Security Policy
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Incident Management Process
D. Metrics
Answer: C

20. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is a wireless network detector that is commonly found on Linux?
A. Kismet
B. Abel
C. Netstumbler
D. Nessus
Answer: A

21. - (Exam Topic 6)
You want to analyze packets on your wireless network. Which program would you use?
A. Wireshark with Airpcap
B. Airsnort with Airpcap
C. Wireshark with Winpcap
D. Ethereal with Winpcap
Answer: A

22. - (Exam Topic 6)
Study the log below and identify the scan type.

A. nmap -sR 192.168.1.10
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. nmap -sS 192.168.1.10
C. nmap -sV 192.168.1.10
D.

nmap -sO -T 192.168.1.10

Answer: D

23. - (Exam Topic 6)
In which phase of the ethical hacking process can Google hacking be employed? This is a technique that
involves manipulating a search string with specific operators to search for vulnerabilities.
Example:
allintitle: root passwd
A. Maintaining Access
B. Gaining Access
C. Reconnaissance
D. Scanning and Enumeration
Answer: C

24. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which specific element of security testing is being assured by using hash?
A. Authentication
B. Integrity
C. Confidentiality
D. Availability
Answer: B

25. - (Exam Topic 6)
While performing ping scans into a target network you get a frantic call from the organization's security
team. They report that they are under a denial of service attack. When you stop your scan, the smurf attack
event stops showing up on the organization's IDS monitor.
How can you modify your scan to prevent triggering this event in the IDS?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Scan more slowly.
B. Do not scan the broadcast IP.
C. Spoof the source IP address.
D. Only scan the Windows systems.
Answer: B

26. - (Exam Topic 6)
You are manually conducting Idle Scanning using Hping2. During your scanning you notice that almost
every query increments the IPID regardless of the port being queried. One or two of the queries cause the
IPID to increment by more than one value. Why do you think this occurs?
A. The zombie you are using is not truly idle.
B. A stateful inspection firewall is resetting your queries.
C. Hping2 cannot be used for idle scanning.
D. These ports are actually open on the target system.
Answer: A

27. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is designed to verify and authenticate individuals taking part in a data exchange
within an enterprise?
A. SOA
B. Single-Sign On
C. PKI
D. Biometrics
Answer: C

28. - (Exam Topic 6)
Sandra is the security administrator of XYZ.com. One day she notices that the XYZ.com Oracle database
server has been compromised and customer information along with financial data has been stolen. The
financial loss will be estimated in millions of dollars if the database gets into the hands of competitors.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Sandra wants to report this crime to the law enforcement agencies immediately. Which organization
coordinates computer crime investigations throughout the United States?
A. NDCA
B. NICP
C. CIRP
D. NPC
E. CIA
Answer: D

29. - (Exam Topic 6)
While doing a technical assessment to determine network vulnerabilities, you used the TCP XMAS scan.
What would be the response of all open ports?
A. The port will send an ACK
B. The port will send a SYN
C. The port will ignore the packets
D. The port will send an RST
Answer: C

30. - (Exam Topic 6)
A distributed port scan operates by:
A. Blocking access to the scanning clients by the targeted host
B. Using denial-of-service software against a range of TCP ports
C. Blocking access to the targeted host by each of the distributed scanning clients
D. Having multiple computers each scan a small number of ports, then correlating the results
Answer: D

31. - (Exam Topic 6)
Why would an attacker want to perform a scan on port 137?
A. To discover proxy servers on a network
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. To disrupt the NetBIOS SMB service on the target host
C. To check for file and print sharing on Windows systems
D. To discover information about a target host using NBTSTAT
Answer: D

32. - (Exam Topic 6)
While doing a Black box pen test via the TCP port (80), you noticed that the traffic gets blocked when you
tried to pass IRC traffic from a web enabled host. However, you also noticed that outbound HTTP traffic is
being allowed. What type of firewall is being utilized for the outbound traffic?
A. Stateful
B. Application
C. Circuit
D. Packet Filtering
Answer: B

33. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is NOT an ideal choice for biometric controls?
A. Iris patterns
B. Fingerprints
C. Height and weight
D. Voice
Answer: C

34. - (Exam Topic 6)
Your next door neighbor, that you do not get along with, is having issues with their network, so he yells to
his spouse the network's SSID and password and you hear them both clearly. What do you do with this
information?
A. Nothing, but suggest to him to change the network's SSID and password.
B. Sell his SSID and password to friends that come to your house, so it doesn't slow down your network.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Log onto to his network, after all it's his fault that you can get in.
D. Only use his network when you have large downloads so you don't tax your own network.
Answer: A

35. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following BEST describes the mechanism of a Boot Sector Virus?
A. Moves the MBR to another location on the hard disk and copies itself to the original location of the MBR
B. Moves the MBR to another location on the RAM and copies itself to the original location of the MBR
C. Overwrites the original MBR and only executes the new virus code
D. Modifies directory table entries so that directory entries point to the virus code instead of the actual
program
Answer: A

36. - (Exam Topic 6)
Matthew received an email with an attachment named “YouWon$10Grand.zip.” The zip file contains a file
named “HowToClaimYourPrize.docx.exe.” Out of excitement and curiosity, Matthew opened the said file.
Without his knowledge, the file copies itself to Matthew’s APPDATA\IocaI directory and begins to beacon to
a Command-and-control server to download additional malicious binaries. What type of malware has
Matthew encountered?
A. Key-logger
B. Trojan
C. Worm
D. Macro Virus
Answer: B

37. - (Exam Topic 6)
LM hash is a compromised password hashing function. Which of the following parameters describe LM
Hash:?
I – The maximum password length is 14 characters.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

II – There are no distinctions between uppercase and lowercase.
III – It’s a simple algorithm, so 10,000,000 hashes can be generated per second.
A. I
B. I, II, and III
C. II
D. I and II
Answer: B

38. - (Exam Topic 6)
What is the approximate cost of replacement and recovery operation per year of a hard drive that has a
value of $300 given that the technician who charges $10/hr would need 10 hours to restore OS and
Software and needs further 4 hours to restore the database from the last backup to the new hard disk?
Calculate the SLE, ARO, and ALE. Assume the EF = 1 (100%).
A. $440
B. $100
C. $1320
D. $146
Answer: D

39. - (Exam Topic 6)
Backing up data is a security must. However, it also has certain level of risks when mishandled. Which of
the following is the greatest threat posed by backups?
A. A backup is the source of Malware or illicit information
B. A backup is incomplete because no verification was performed
C. A backup is unavailable during disaster recovery
D. An unencrypted backup can be misplaced or stolen
Answer: D

40. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following is an NMAP script that could help detect HTTP Methods such as GET, POST, HEAD,
PUT, DELETE, TRACE?
A. http-git
B. http-headers
C. http enum
D. http-methods
Answer: D

41. - (Exam Topic 6)
A big company, who wanted to test their security infrastructure, wants to hire elite pen testers like you.
During the interview, they asked you to show sample reports from previous penetration tests. What should
you do?
A. Share reports, after NDA is signed
B. Share full reports, not redacted
C. Decline but, provide references
D. Share full reports with redactions
Answer: C

42. - (Exam Topic 6)
Knowing the nature of backup tapes, which of the following is the MOST RECOMMENDED way of storing
backup tapes?
A. In a cool dry environment
B. Inside the data center for faster retrieval in a fireproof safe
C. In a climate controlled facility offsite
D. On a different floor in the same building
Answer: C

43. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is a vulnerability in GNU’s bash shell (discovered in September of 2014) that gives
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

attackers access to run remote commands on a vulnerable system?
A. Shellshock
B. Rootshell
C. Rootshock
D. Shellbash
Answer: A

44. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is the BEST way to protect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from being
exploited due to vulnerabilities of varying web applications?
A. Use cryptographic storage to store all PII
B. Use full disk encryption on all hard drives to protect PII
C. Use encrypted communications protocols to transmit PII
D. Use a security token to log into all Web applications that use PII
Answer: C

45. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is a restriction being enforced in “white box testing?”
A. Only the internal operation of a system is known to the tester
B. The internal operation of a system is completely known to the tester
C. The internal operation of a system is only partly accessible to the tester
D. Only the external operation of a system is accessible to the tester
Answer: B

46. - (Exam Topic 6)
When security and confidentiality of data within the same LAN is of utmost priority, which IPSec mode
should you implement?
A. AH Tunnel mode
B. AH promiscuous
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. ESP transport mode
D. ESP confidential
Answer: C

47. - (Exam Topic 6)
What is the code written for?

A. Buffer Overflow
B. Encryption
C. Bruteforce
D. Denial-of-service (Dos)
Answer: A

48. - (Exam Topic 6)
What tool should you use when you need to analyze extracted metadata from files you collected when you
were in the initial stage of penetration test (information gathering)?
A. Armitage
B. Dimitry
C. Metagoofil

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. cdpsnarf
Answer: C

49. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which type of security feature stops vehicles from crashing through the doors of a building?
A. Turnstile
B. Bollards
C. Mantrap
D. Receptionist
Answer: B

50. - (Exam Topic 6)
Name two software tools used for OS guessing? (Choose two.)
A. Nmap
B. Snadboy
C. Queso
D. UserInfo
E. NetBus
Answer: A C

51. - (Exam Topic 6)
An nmap command that includes the host specification of 202.176.56-57.* will scan number of hosts.
A. 2
B. 256
C. 512
D. Over 10, 000
Answer: C

52. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

In IPv6 what is the major difference concerning application layer vulnerabilities compared to IPv4?
A. Implementing IPv4 security in a dual-stack network offers protection from IPv6 attacks too.
B. Vulnerabilities in the application layer are independent of the network layer. Attacks and mitigation
techniques are almost identical.
C. Due to the extensive security measures built in IPv6, application layer vulnerabilities need not be
addresses.
D. Vulnerabilities in the application layer are greatly different from IPv4.
Answer: B

53. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is the BEST approach to prevent Cross-site Scripting (XSS) flaws?
A. Use digital certificates to authenticate a server prior to sending data.
B. Verify access right before allowing access to protected information and UI controls.
C. Verify access right before allowing access to protected information and UI controls.
D. Validate and escape all information sent to a server.
Answer: D

54. - (Exam Topic 6)
TCP/IP stack fingerprinting is the passive collection of configuration attributes from a remote device during
standard layer 4 network communications. Which of the following tools can be used for passive OS
fingerprinting?
A. nmap
B. ping
C. tracert
D. tcpdump
Answer: D

55. - (Exam Topic 6)
A company recently hired your team of Ethical Hackers to test the security of their network systems. The
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

company wants to have the attack be as realistic as possible. They did not provide any information besides
the name of their company. What phase of security testing would your team jump in right away?
A. Scanning
B. Reconnaissance
C. Escalation
D. Enumeration
Answer: B

56. - (Exam Topic 6)
It is a widely used standard for message logging. It permits separation of the software that generates
messages, the system that stores them, and the software that reports and analyzes them. This protocol is
specifically designed for transporting event messages. Which of the following is being described?
A. SNMP
B. ICMP
C. SYSLOG
D. SMS
Answer: C

57. - (Exam Topic 6)
Defining rules, collaborating human workforce, creating a backup plan, and testing the plans are within
what phase of the Incident Handling Process?
A. Preparation phase
B. Containment phase
C. Recovery phase
D. Identification phase
Answer: A

58. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which service in a PKI will vouch for the identity of an individual or company?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. KDC
B. CA
C. CR
D. CBC
Answer: B

59. - (Exam Topic 6)
Sandra has been actively scanning the client network on which she is doing a vulnerability assessment test.
While conducting a port scan she notices open ports in the range of 135 to 139.
What protocol is most likely to be listening on those ports?
A. Finger
B. FTP
C. Samba
D. SMB
Answer: D

60. - (Exam Topic 6)
What attack is used to crack passwords by using a precomputed table of hashed passwords?
A. Brute Force Attack
B. Hybrid Attack
C. Rainbow Table Attack
D. Dictionary Attack
Answer: C

61. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is a serious vulnerability in the popular OpenSSL cryptographic software library?
This weakness allows stealing the information protected, under normal conditions, by the SSL/TLS
encryption used to secure the Internet.
A. Heartbleed Bug
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. POODLE
C. SSL/TLS Renegotiation Vulnerability
D. Shellshock
Answer: A

62. - (Exam Topic 6)
Bob received this text message on his mobile phone: ““Hello, this is Scott Smelby from the Yahoo Bank.
Kindly contact me for a vital transaction on: scottsmelby@yahoo.com””. Which statement below is true?
A. This is probably a legitimate message as it comes from a respectable organization.
B. Bob should write to scottsmelby@yahoo.com to verify the identity of Scott.
C. This is a scam as everybody can get a @yahoo address, not the Yahoo customer service employees.
D. This is a scam because Bob does not know Scott.
Answer: C

63. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following security policies defines the use of VPN for gaining access to an internal corporate
network?
A. Network security policy
B. Remote access policy
C. Information protection policy
D. Access control policy
Answer: B

64. - (Exam Topic 6)
In order to prevent particular ports and applications from getting packets into an organization, what does a
firewall check?
A. Network layer headers and the session layer port numbers
B. Presentation layer headers and the session layer port numbers
C. Application layer port numbers and the transport layer headers
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Transport layer port numbers and application layer headers
Answer: D

65. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is a form of penetration testing that relies heavily on human interaction and often
involves tricking people into breaking normal security procedures?
A. Social Engineering
B. Piggybacking
C. Tailgating
D. Eavesdropping
Answer: A

66. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following Nmap commands would be used to perform a stack fingerprinting?
A. Nmap -O -p80 <host(s.>
B. Nmap -hU -Q<host(s.>
C. Nmap -sT -p <host(s.>
D. Nmap -u -o -w2 <host>
E. Nmap -sS -0p targe
Answer: B

67. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following is the most important phase of ethical hacking wherein you need to spend
considerable amount of time?
A. Gaining access
B. Escalating privileges
C. Network mapping
D. Footprinting
Answer: D
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

68. - (Exam Topic 6)
An enterprise recently moved to a new office and the new neighborhood is a little risky. The CEO wants to
monitor the physical perimeter and the entrance doors 24 hours. What is the best option to do this job?
A. Use fences in the entrance doors.
B. Install a CCTV with cameras pointing to the entrance doors and the street.
C. Use an IDS in the entrance doors and install some of them near the corners.
D. Use lights in all the entrance doors and along the company's perimeter.
Answer: B

69. - (Exam Topic 6)
What would you type on the Windows command line in order to launch the Computer Management Console
provided that you are logged in as an admin?
A. c:\compmgmt.msc
B. c:\gpedit
C. c:\ncpa.cpl
D. c:\services.msc
Answer: A

70. - (Exam Topic 6)
What are two things that are possible when scanning UDP ports? (Choose two.)
A. A reset will be returned
B. An ICMP message will be returned
C. The four-way handshake will not be completed
D. An RFC 1294 message will be returned
E. Nothing
Answer: B E

71. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A recent security audit revealed that there were indeed several occasions that the company’s network was
breached. After investigating, you discover that your IDS is not configured properly and therefore is unable
to trigger alarms when needed. What type of alert is the IDS giving?
A. True Positive
B. False Negative
C. False Positive
D. False Positive
Answer: B

72. - (Exam Topic 6)
Neil notices that a single address is generating traffic from its port 500 to port 500 of several other machines
on the network. This scan is eating up most of the network bandwidth and Neil is concerned. As a security
professional, what would you infer from this scan?
A. It is a network fault and the originating machine is in a network loop
B. It is a worm that is malfunctioning or hardcoded to scan on port 500
C. The attacker is trying to detect machines on the network which have SSL enabled
D. The attacker is trying to determine the type of VPN implementation and checking for IPSec
Answer: D

73. - (Exam Topic 6)
You’ve just gained root access to a Centos 6 server after days of trying. What tool should you use to
maintain access?
A. Disable Key Services
B. Create User Account
C. Download and Install Netcat
D. Disable IPTables
Answer: B

74. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Which of the following tools is used by pen testers and analysts specifically to analyze links between data
using link analysis and graphs?
A. Metasploit
B. Wireshark
C. Maltego
D. Cain & Abel
Answer: C

75. - (Exam Topic 6)
The chance of a hard drive failure is known to be once every four years. The cost of a new hard drive is
$500.
EF (Exposure Factor) is about 0.5. Calculate for the Annualized Loss Expectancy (ALE).
A. $62.5
B. $250
C. $125
D. $65.2
Answer: A

76. - (Exam Topic 6)
A possibly malicious sequence of packets that were sent to a web server has been captured by an Intrusion
Detection System (IDS) and was saved to a PCAP file. As a network administrator, you need to determine
whether this packets are indeed malicious. What tool are you going to use?
A. Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)
B. Vulnerability scanner
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Network sniffer
Answer: C

77. - (Exam Topic 6)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

What kind of risk will remain even if all theoretically possible safety measures would be applied?
A. Residual risk
B. Inherent risk
C. Impact risk
D. Deferred risk
Answer: A

78. - (Exam Topic 6)
Destination unreachable administratively prohibited messages can inform the hacker to what?
A. That a circuit level proxy has been installed and is filtering traffic
B. That his/her scans are being blocked by a honeypot or jail
C. That the packets are being malformed by the scanning software
D. That a router or other packet-filtering device is blocking traffic
E. That the network is functioning normally
Answer: D

79. - (Exam Topic 6)
This configuration allows NIC to pass all traffic it receives to the Central Processing Unit (CPU), instead of
passing only the frames that the controller is intended to receive. Select the option that BEST describes the
above statement.
A. Multi-cast mode
B. WEM
C. Promiscuous mode
D. Port forwarding
Answer: C

80. - (Exam Topic 6)
(Note: the student is being tested on concepts learnt during passive OS fingerprinting, basic TCP/IP
connection concepts and the ability to read packet signatures from a sniff dump.). Snort has been used to
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

capture packets on the network. On studying the packets, the penetration tester finds it to be abnormal. If
you were the penetration tester, why would you find this abnormal?
What is odd about this attack? Choose the best answer.

A. This is not a spoofed packet as the IP stack has increasing numbers for the three flags.
B. This is back orifice activity as the scan comes from port 31337.
C. The attacker wants to avoid creating a sub-carries connection that is not normally valid.
D. These packets were crafted by a tool, they were not created by a standard IP stack.
Answer: B

81. - (Exam Topic 6)
What is the best Nmap command to use when you want to list all devices in the same network quickly after
you successfully identified a server whose IP address is 10.10.0.5?
A. nmap -T4 -F 10.10.0.0/24
B. nmap -T4 -q 10.10.0.0/24
C. nmap -T4 -O 10.10.0.0/24
D. nmap -T4 -r 10.10.1.0/24
Answer: A

82. - (Exam Topic 6)
SNMP is a protocol used to query hosts, servers, and devices about performance or health status data.
This protocol has long been used by hackers to gather great amount of information about remote hosts.
Which of the following features makes this possible? (Choose two.)
A. It used TCP as the underlying protocol.
B. It uses community string that is transmitted in clear text.
C. It is susceptible to sniffing.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. It is used by all network devices on the market.
Answer: B D

83. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which type of Nmap scan is the most reliable, but also the most visible, and likely to be picked up by and
IDS?
A. SYN scan
B. ACK scan
C. RST scan
D. Connect scan
E. FIN scan
Answer: D

84. - (Exam Topic 6)
While reviewing the result of scanning run against a target network you come across the following:

Which among the following can be used to get this output?
A. A Bo2k system query.
B. nmap protocol scan
C. A sniffer
D. An SNMP walk
Answer: D
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

85. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following tools would MOST LIKELY be used to perform security audit on various of forms of
network systems?
A. Intrusion Detection System
B. Vulnerability scanner
C. Port scanner
D. Protocol analyzer
Answer: B

86. - (Exam Topic 6)
What does a type 3 code 13 represent? (Choose two.)
A. Echo request
B. Destination unreachable
C. Network unreachable
D. Administratively prohibited
E. Port unreachable
F. Time exceeded
Answer: B D

87. - (Exam Topic 6)
You are about to be hired by a well-known Bank to perform penetration tests. Which of the following
documents describes the specifics of the testing, the associated violations, and essentially protects both
the bank’s interest and your liabilities as a tester?
A. Service Level Agreement
B. Non-Disclosure Agreement
C. Terms of Engagement
D. Project Scope
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

88. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following commands runs snort in packet logger mode?
A. ./snort -dev -h ./log
B. ./snort -dev -l ./log
C. ./snort -dev -o ./log
D. ./snort -dev -p ./log
Answer: B

89. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which Type of scan sends a packets with no flags set?
A. Open Scan
B. Null Scan
C. Xmas Scan
D. Half-Open Scan
Answer: B

90. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following command line switch would you use for OS detection in Nmap?
A. -D
B. -O
C. -P
D. –X
Answer: B

91. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which access control mechanism allows for multiple systems to use a central authentication server (CAS)
that permits users to authenticate once and gain access to multiple systems?
A. Role Based Access Control (RBAC)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Discretionary Access Control (DAC)
C. Windows authentication
D. Single sign-on
Answer: D

92. - (Exam Topic 6)
It is a short-range wireless communication technology that allows mobile phones, computers and other
devices to connect and communicate. This technology intends to replace cables connecting portable
devices with high regards to security.
A. Bluetooth
B. Radio-Frequency Identification
C. WLAN
D. InfraRed
Answer: A

93. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which type of cryptography does SSL, IKE and PGP belongs to?
A. Secret Key
B. Hash Algorithm
C. Digest
D. Public Key
Answer: D

94. - (Exam Topic 6)
What type of malware is it that restricts access to a computer system that it infects and demands that the
user pay a certain amount of money, cryptocurrency, etc. to the operators of the malware to remove the
restriction?
A. Ransomware
B. Riskware
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Adware
D. Spyware
Answer: A

95. - (Exam Topic 6)
Shellshock had the potential for an unauthorized user to gain access to a server. It affected many
internet-facing services, which OS did it not directly affect?
A. Windows
B. Unix
C. Linux
D. OS X
Answer: A

96. - (Exam Topic 6)
A hacker was able to easily gain access to a website. He was able to log in via the frontend user login form
of the website using default or commonly used credentials. This exploitation is an example of what
Software design flaw?
A. Insufficient security management
B. Insufficient database hardening
C. Insufficient input validation
D. Insufficient exception handling
Answer: B

97. - (Exam Topic 6)
A new wireless client that is 802.11 compliant cannot connect to a wireless network given that the client can
see the network and it has compatible hardware and software installed. Upon further tests and investigation,
it was found out that the Wireless Access Point (WAP) was not responding to the association requests
being sent by the wireless client. What MOST likely is the issue on this scenario?
A. The client cannot see the SSID of the wireless network
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. The WAP does not recognize the client’s MAC address.
C. The wireless client is not configured to use DHCP.
D. Client is configured for the wrong channel
Answer: B

98. - (Exam Topic 6)
The following are types of Bluetooth attack EXCEPT ?
A. Bluejacking
B. Bluesmaking
C. Bluesnarfing
D. Bluedriving
Answer: D

99. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following BEST describes how Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) works?
A. It sends a reply packet for a specific IP, asking for the MAC address
B. It sends a reply packet to all the network elements, asking for the MAC address from a specific IP
C. It sends a request packet to all the network elements, asking for the domain name from a specific IP
D. It sends a request packet to all the network elements, asking for the MAC address from a specific IP
Answer: D

100. - (Exam Topic 6)
Supposed you are the Chief Network Engineer of a certain Telco. Your company is planning for a big
business expansion and it requires that your network authenticate users connecting using analog modems,
Digital Subscriber Lines (DSL), wireless data services, and Virtual Private Networks (VPN) over a Frame
Relay network. Which AAA protocol would you implement?
A. TACACS+
B. DIAMETER
C. Kerberos
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. RADIUS
Answer: D

101. - (Exam Topic 6)
Suppose you’ve gained access to your client’s hybrid network. On which port should you listen to in order to
know which Microsoft Windows workstations has its file sharing enabled?
A. 1433
B. 161
C. 445
D. 3389
Answer: C

102. - (Exam Topic 6)
Which of the following will perform an Xmas scan using NMAP?
A. nmap -sA 192.168.1.254
B. nmap -sP 192.168.1.254
C. nmap -sX 192.168.1.254
D. nmap -sV 192.168.1.254
Answer: C

103. - (Exam Topic 6)
It has been reported to you that someone has caused an information spillage on their computer. You go to
the computer, disconnect it from the network, remove the keyboard and mouse, and power it down. What
step in incident handling did you just complete?
A. Containment
B. Eradication
C. Recovery
D. Discovery
Answer: A
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

104. - (Exam Topic 6)
XOR is a common cryptographic tool. 10110001 XOR 00111010 is?
A. 10111100
B. 11011000
C. 10011101
D. 10001011
Answer: D

105. - (Exam Topic 6)
Jack was attempting to fingerprint all machines in the network using the following Nmap syntax:
invictus@victim_server:~$ nmap -T4 -0 10.10.0.0/24
TCP/IP fingerprinting (for OS scan) xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxx. QUITTING! Obviously, it is not going
through. What is the issue here?
A. OS Scan requires root privileges
B. The nmap syntax is wrong.
C. The outgoing TCP/IP fingerprinting is blocked by the host firewall
D. This is a common behavior for a corrupted nmap application
Answer: A

106. - (Exam Topic 6)
While you were gathering information as part of security assessments for one of your clients, you were able
to gather data that show your client is involved with fraudulent activities. What should you do?
A. Immediately stop work and contact the proper legal authorities
B. Ignore the data and continue the assessment until completed as agreed
C. Confront the client in a respectful manner and ask her about the data
D. Copy the data to removable media and keep it in case you need it
Answer: A

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Topic 7, Exam Pool G
1. - (Exam Topic 7)
Eve is spending her day scanning the library computers. She notices that Alice is using a computer whose
port 445 is active and listening. Eve uses the ENUM tool to enumerate Alice machine. From the command
prompt, she types the following command.

What is Eve trying to do?
A. Eve is trying to connect as a user with Administrator privileges
B. Eve is trying to enumerate all users with Administrative privileges
C. Eve is trying to carry out a password crack for user Administrator
D. Eve is trying to escalate privilege of the null user to that of Administrator
Answer: C

2. - (Exam Topic 7)
Peter, a Network Administrator, has come to you looking for advice on a tool that would help him perform
SNMP enquires over the network.
Which of these tools would do the SNMP enumeration he is looking for? Select the best answers.
A. SNMPUtil
B. SNScan
C. SNMPScan
D. Solarwinds IP Network Browser
E. NMap
Answer: A B D

3. - (Exam Topic 7)
Study the following log extract and identify the attack.

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Hexcode Attack
B. Cross Site Scripting
C. Multiple Domain Traversal Attack
D. Unicode Directory Traversal Attack
Answer: D

4. - (Exam Topic 7)
Hackers often raise the trust level of a phishing message by modeling the email to look similar to the
internal email used by the target company. This includes using logos, formatting, and names of the target
company.
The phishing message will often use the name of the company CEO, president, or managers. The time a
hacker spends performing research to locate this information about a company is known as?
A. Enumeration
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Investigation
C. Exploration
D. Reconnaissance
Answer: D

5. - (Exam Topic 7)
Gavin owns a white-hat firm and is performing a website security audit for one of his clients. He begins by
running a scan which looks for common misconfigurations and outdated software versions. Which of the
following tools is he most likely using?
A. Nikto
B. Nmap
C. Metasploit
D. Armitage
Answer: B

6. - (Exam Topic 7)
Based on the following extract from the log of a compromised machine, what is the hacker really trying to
steal?
A. har.txt
B. SAM file
C. wwwroot
D. Repair file
Answer: B

7. - (Exam Topic 7)
The network administrator at Spears Technology, Inc has configured the default gateway Cisco router's
access-list as below:
You are hired to conduct security testing on their network.
You successfully brute-force the SNMP community string using a SNMP crack tool.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

The access-list configured at the router prevents you from establishing a successful connection. You want
to retrieve the Cisco configuration from the router. How would you proceed?
A. Use the Cisco's TFTP default password to connect and download the configuration file
B. Run a network sniffer and capture the returned traffic with the configuration file from the router
C. Run Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) tunneling protocol from your computer to the router masking
your IP address
D. Send a customized SNMP set request with a spoofed source IP address in the range -192.168.1.0
Answer: B D

8. - (Exam Topic 7)
You are analysing traffic on the network with Wireshark. You want to routinely run a cron job which will run
the capture against a specific set of IPs - 192.168.8.0/24. What command you would use?
A. wireshark --fetch ''192.168.8*''
B. wireshark --capture --local masked 192.168.8.0 ---range 24
C. tshark -net 192.255.255.255 mask 192.168.8.0
D. sudo tshark -f''net 192 .68.8.0/24''
Answer: D

9. - (Exam Topic 7)
You have the SOA presented below in your Zone.
Your secondary servers have not been able to contact your primary server to synchronize information. How
long will the secondary servers attempt to contact the primary server before it considers that zone is dead
and stops responding to queries?
collegae.edu.SOA, cikkye.edu ipad.college.edu. (200302028 3600 3600 604800 3600)
A. One day
B. One hour
C. One week
D. One month
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

10. - (Exam Topic 7)
Why is a penetration test considered to be more thorough than vulnerability scan?
A. The tools used by penetration testers tend to have much more comprehensive vulnerability databases.
B. A penetration test actively exploits vulnerabilities in the targeted infrastructure, while a vulnerability scan
does not typically involve active exploitation.
C. It is not – a penetration test is often performed by an automated tool, while a vulnerability scan requires
active engagement.
D. Vulnerability scans only do host discovery and port scanning by default.
Answer: B

11. - (Exam Topic 7)
This TCP flag instructs the sending system to transmit all buffered data immediately.
A. SYN
B. RST
C. PSH
D. URG
E. FIN
Answer: C

12. - (Exam Topic 7)
Fingerprinting an Operating System helps a cracker because:
A. It defines exactly what software you have installed
B. It opens a security-delayed window based on the port being scanned
C. It doesn't depend on the patches that have been applied to fix existing security holes
D. It informs the cracker of which vulnerabilities he may be able to exploit on your system
Answer: D

13. - (Exam Topic 7)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Nathan is testing some of his network devices. Nathan is using Macof to try and flood the ARP cache of
these switches.
If these switches' ARP cache is successfully flooded, what will be the result?
A. The switches will drop into hub mode if the ARP cache is successfully flooded.
B. If the ARP cache is flooded, the switches will drop into pix mode making it less susceptible to attacks.
C. Depending on the switch manufacturer, the device will either delete every entry in its ARP cache or
reroute packets to the nearest switch.
D. The switches will route all traffic to the broadcast address created collisions.
Answer: A

14. - (Exam Topic 7)
Null sessions are un-authenticated connections (not using a username or password.) to an NT or 2000
system. Which TCP and UDP ports must you filter to check null sessions on your network?
A. 137 and 139
B. 137 and 443
C. 139 and 443
D. 139 and 445
Answer: D

15. - (Exam Topic 7)
Suppose your company has just passed a security risk assessment exercise. The results display that the
risk of the breach in the main company application is 50%. Security staff has taken some measures and
implemented the necessary controls. After that another security risk assessment was performed showing
that risk has decreased to 10%. The risk threshold for the application is 20%.
Which of the following risk decisions will be the best for the project in terms of its successful continuation
with most business profit?
A. Avoid the risk
B. Accept the risk
C. Introduce more controls to bring risk to 0%
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Mitigate the risk
Answer: B

16. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which address translation scheme would allow a single public IP address to always correspond to a single
machine on an internal network, allowing "server publishing"?
A. Overloading Port Address Translation
B. Dynamic Port Address Translation
C. Dynamic Network Address Translation
D. Static Network Address Translation
Answer: D

17. - (Exam Topic 7)
When discussing passwords, what is considered a brute force attack?
A. You attempt every single possibility until you exhaust all possible combinations or discover the password
B. You threaten to use the rubber hose on someone unless they reveal their password
C. You load a dictionary of words into your cracking program
D. You create hashes of a large number of words and compare it with the encrypted passwords
E. You wait until the password expires
Answer: A

18. - (Exam Topic 7)
In the context of password security, a simple dictionary attack involves loading a dictionary file (a text file
full of dictionary words) into a cracking application such as L0phtCrack or John the Ripper, and running it
against user accounts located by the application. The larger the word and word fragment selection, the
more effective the dictionary attack is. The brute force method is the most inclusive, although slow. It
usually tries every possible letter and number combination in its automated exploration. If you would use
both brute force and dictionary methods combined together to have variation of words, what would you call
such an attack?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Full Blown
B. Thorough
C. Hybrid
D. BruteDics
Answer: C

19. - (Exam Topic 7)
What port number is used by LDAP protocol?
A. 110
B. 389
C. 464
D. 445
Answer: B

20. - (Exam Topic 7)
What ports should be blocked on the firewall to prevent NetBIOS traffic from not coming through the firewall
if your network is comprised of Windows NT, 2000, and XP?
A. 110
B. 135
C. 139
D. 161
E. 445
F. 1024
Answer: B C E

21. - (Exam Topic 7)
You are tasked to configure the DHCP server to lease the last 100 usable IP addresses in subnet to.
1.4.0/23. Which of the following IP addresses could be teased as a result of the new configuration?
A. 210.1.55.200
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. 10.1.4.254
C. 10..1.5.200
D. 10.1.4.156
Answer: C

22. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the known plaintext attack used against DES which gives the result that encrypting plaintext with
one DES key followed by encrypting it with a second DES key is no more secure than using a single key?
A. Man-in-the-middle attack
B. Meet-in-the-middle attack
C. Replay attack
D. Traffic analysis attack
Answer: B

23. - (Exam Topic 7)
Why would you consider sending an email to an address that you know does not exist within the company
you are performing a Penetration Test for?
A. To determine who is the holder of the root account
B. To perform a DoS
C. To create needless SPAM
D. To illicit a response back that will reveal information about email servers and how they treat
undeliverable mail
E. To test for virus protection
Answer: D

24. - (Exam Topic 7)
Within the context of Computer Security, which of the following statements describes Social Engineering
best?
A. Social Engineering is the act of publicly disclosing information
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. Social Engineering is the means put in place by human resource to perform time accounting
C. Social Engineering is the act of getting needed information from a person rather than breaking into a
system
D. Social Engineering is a training program within sociology studies
Answer: C

25. - (Exam Topic 7)
You are programming a buffer overflow exploit and you want to create a NOP sled of 200 bytes in the
program exploit.c

What is the hexadecimal value of NOP instruction?
A. 0x60
B. 0x80
C. 0x70
D. 0x90
Answer: D

26. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following statements is FALSE with respect to Intrusion Detection Systems?
A. Intrusion Detection Systems can be configured to distinguish specific content in network packets
B. Intrusion Detection Systems can easily distinguish a malicious payload in an encrypted traffic
C. Intrusion Detection Systems require constant update of the signature library
D. Intrusion Detection Systems can examine the contents of the data n context of the network protocol
Answer: B

27. - (Exam Topic 7)
MX record priority increases as the number increases. (True/False.)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. True
B. False
Answer: B

28. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is GINA?
A. Gateway Interface Network Application
B. GUI Installed Network Application CLASS
C. Global Internet National Authority (G-USA)
D. Graphical Identification and Authentication DLL
Answer: D

29. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following Linux commands will resolve a domain name into IP address?
A. >host -t AXFR hackeddomain.com
B. >host -t a hackeddomain.com
C. >host -t soa hackeddomain.com
D. >host -t ns hackeddomain.com
Answer: B

30. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following tools are used for enumeration? (Choose three.)
A. SolarWinds
B. USER2SID
C. Cheops
D. SID2USER
E. DumpSec
Answer: B D E

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

31. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the BEST alternative if you discover that a rootkit has been installed on one of your computers?
A. Copy the system files from a known good system
B. Perform a trap and trace
C. Delete the files and try to determine the source
D. Reload from a previous backup
E. Reload from known good media
Answer: E

32. - (Exam Topic 7)
An LDAP directory can be used to store information similar to a SQL database. LDAP uses a database
structure instead of SQL’s structure. Because of this, LDAP has difficulty representing many-to-one
relationships.
A. Relational, Hierarchical
B. Strict, Abstract
C. Hierarchical, Relational
D. Simple, Complex
Answer: C

33. - (Exam Topic 7)
Joseph was the Web site administrator for the Mason Insurance in New York, who's main Web site was
located at www.masonins.com. Joseph uses his laptop computer regularly to administer the Web site. One
night, Joseph received an urgent phone call from his friend, Smith. According to Smith, the main Mason
Insurance web site had been vandalized! All of its normal content was removed and replaced with an
attacker's message ''Hacker Message: You are dead! Freaks!” From his office, which was directly
connected to Mason Insurance's internal network, Joseph surfed to the Web site using his laptop. In his
browser, the Web site looked completely intact.
No changes were apparent. Joseph called a friend of his at his home to help troubleshoot the problem. The
Web site appeared defaced when his friend visited using his DSL connection. So, while Smith and his friend
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

could see the defaced page, Joseph saw the intact Mason Insurance web site. To help make sense of this
problem, Joseph decided to access the Web site using hisdial-up ISP. He disconnected his laptop from the
corporate internal network and used his modem to dial up the same ISP used by Smith. After his modem
connected, he quickly typed www.masonins.com in his browser to reveal the following web page:

After seeing the defaced Web site, he disconnected his dial-up line, reconnected to the internal network,
and used Secure Shell (SSH) to log in directly to the Web server. He ran Tripwire against the entire Web
site, and determined that every system file and all the Web content on the server were intact. How did the
attacker accomplish this hack?
A. ARP spoofing
B. SQL injection
C. DNS poisoning
D. Routing table injection
Answer: C

34. - (Exam Topic 7)
Bob is going to perform an active session hijack against Brownies Inc. He has found a target that allows
session oriented connections (Telnet) and performs the sequence prediction on the target operating system.
He manages to find an active session due to the high level of traffic on the network. What is Bob supposed
to do next?
A. Take over the session
B. Reverse sequence prediction
C. Guess the sequence numbers
D. Take one of the parties offline
Answer: C

35. - (Exam Topic 7)
What hacking attack is challenge/response authentication used to prevent?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Replay attacks
B. Scanning attacks
C. Session hijacking attacks
D. Password cracking attacks
Answer: A

36. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following algorithms can be used to guarantee the integrity of messages being sent, in transit,
or stored?
A. symmetric algorithms
B. asymmetric algorithms
C. hashing algorithms
D. integrity algorithms
Answer: C

37. - (Exam Topic 7)
An attacker runs netcat tool to transfer a secret file between two hosts.

He is worried about information being sniffed on the network.
How would the attacker use netcat to encrypt the information before transmitting onto the wire?
A. Machine A: netcat -l -p -s password 1234 < testfileMachine B: netcat <machine A IP> 1234
B. Machine A: netcat -l -e magickey -p 1234 < testfileMachine B: netcat <machine A IP> 1234
C. Machine A: netcat -l -p 1234 < testfile -pw passwordMachine B: netcat <machine A IP> 1234 -pw
password
D. Use cryptcat instead of netcat
Answer: D

38. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following statements about a zone transfer is correct? (Choose three.)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. A zone transfer is accomplished with the DNS
B. A zone transfer is accomplished with the nslookup service
C. A zone transfer passes all zone information that a DNS server maintains
D. A zone transfer passes all zone information that a nslookup server maintains
E. A zone transfer can be prevented by blocking all inbound TCP port 53 connections
F. Zone transfers cannot occur on the Internet
Answer: A C E

39. - (Exam Topic 7)
In Trojan terminology, what is a covert channel?

A. A channel that transfers information within a computer system or network in a way that violates the
security policy
B. A legitimate communication path within a computer system or network for transfer of data
C. It is a kernel operation that hides boot processes and services to mask detection
D. It is Reverse tunneling technique that uses HTTPS protocol instead of HTTP protocol to establish
connections
Answer: A

40. - (Exam Topic 7)
What does the following command in netcat do? nc -l -u -p55555 < /etc/passwd
A. logs the incoming connections to /etc/passwd file
B. loads the /etc/passwd file to the UDP port 55555
C. grabs the /etc/passwd file when connected to UDP port 55555
D. deletes the /etc/passwd file when connected to the UDP port 55555
Answer: C
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

41. - (Exam Topic 7)
You are attempting to crack LM Manager hashed from Windows 2000 SAM file. You will be using LM Brute
force hacking tool for decryption. What encryption algorithm will you be decrypting?
A. MD4
B. DES
C. SHA
D. SSL
Answer: B

42. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which type of sniffing technique is generally referred as MiTM attack?

A. Password Sniffing
B. ARP Poisoning
C. Mac Flooding
D. DHCP Sniffing
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: B

43. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is a NULL scan?
A. A scan in which all flags are turned off
B. A scan in which certain flags are off
C. A scan in which all flags are on
D. A scan in which the packet size is set to zero
E. A scan with an illegal packet size
Answer: A

44. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following LM hashes represent a password of less than 8 characters? (Choose two.)
A. BA810DBA98995F1817306D272A9441BB
B. 44EFCE164AB921CQAAD3B435B51404EE
C. 0182BD0BD4444BF836077A718CCDF409
D. CEC52EB9C8E3455DC2265B23734E0DAC
E. B757BF5C0D87772FAAD3B435B51404EE
F. E52CAC67419A9A224A3B108F3FA6CB6D
Answer: B E

45. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following is the primary objective of a rootkit?
A. It opens a port to provide an unauthorized service
B. It creates a buffer overflow
C. It replaces legitimate programs
D. It provides an undocumented opening in a program
Answer: C

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

46. - (Exam Topic 7)
To reach a bank web site, the traffic from workstations must pass through a firewall. You have been asked
to review the firewall configuration to ensure that workstations in network 10.10.10.0/24 can only reach the
bank web site 10.20.20.1 using https. Which of the following firewall rules meets this requirement?
A. if (source matches 10.10.10.0/24 and destination matches 10.20.20.1 and port matches 443) then permit
B. if (source matches 10.10.10.0/24 and destination matches 10.20.20.1 and port matches 80 or 443) then
permit
C. if (source matches 10.10.10.0 and destination matches 10.20.20.1 and port matches 443) then permit
D. if (source matches 10.20.20.1 and destination matches 10.10.10.0/24and port matches 443) then permit
Answer: A

47. - (Exam Topic 7)
Susan has attached to her company's network. She has managed to synchronize her boss's sessions with
that of the file server. She then intercepted his traffic destined for the server, changed it the way she wanted
to and then placed it on the server in his home directory.
What kind of attack is Susan carrying on?
A. A sniffing attack
B. A spoofing attack
C. A man in the middle attack
D. A denial of service attack
Answer: C

48. - (Exam Topic 7)
Elliot is in the process of exploiting a web application that uses SQL as a back-end database. He’s
determined that the application is vulnerable to SQL injection, and has introduced conditional timing delays
into injected queries to determine whether they are successful. What type of SQL injection is Elliot most
likely performing?
A. Error-based SQL injection
B. Blind SQL injection
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Union-based SQL injection
D. NoSQL injection
Answer: B

49. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which DNS resource record can indicate how long any "DNS poisoning" could last?
A. MX
B. SOA
C. NS
D. TIMEOUT
Answer: B

50. - (Exam Topic 7)
OpenSSL on Linux servers includes a command line tool for testing TLS. What is the name of the tool and
the correct syntax to connect to a web server?
A. openssl s_client -site www.website.com:443
B. openssl_client -site www.website.com:443
C. openssl s_client -connect www.website.com:443
D. openssl_client -connect www.website.com:443
Answer: C

51. - (Exam Topic 7)
The following is an entry captured by a network IDS. You are assigned the task of analyzing this entry. You
notice the value 0x90, which is the most common NOOP instruction for the Intel processor. You figure that
the attacker is attempting a buffer overflow attack.
You also notice "/bin/sh" in the ASCII part of the output. As an analyst what would you conclude about the
attack?

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. The buffer overflow attack has been neutralized by the IDS
B. The attacker is creating a directory on the compromised machine
C. The attacker is attempting a buffer overflow attack and has succeeded
D. The attacker is attempting an exploit that launches a command-line shell
Answer: D

52. - (Exam Topic 7)
What did the following commands determine?

A. That the Joe account has a SID of 500
B. These commands demonstrate that the guest account has NOT been disabled
C. These commands demonstrate that the guest account has been disabled
D. That the true administrator is Joe
E. Issued alone, these commands prove nothing
Answer: D

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

53. - (Exam Topic 7)
You are performing a penetration test for a client and have gained shell access to a Windows machine on
the internal network. You intend to retrieve all DNS records for the internal domain, if the DNS server is at
192.168.10.2 and the domain name is abccorp.local, what command would you type at the nslookup
prompt to attempt a zone transfer?
A. list server=192.168.10.2 type=all
B. is-d abccorp.local
C. Iserver 192.168.10.2-t all
D. List domain=Abccorp.local type=zone
Answer: B

54. - (Exam Topic 7)
_____ is a tool that can hide processes from the process list, can hide files, registry entries, and intercept
keystrokes.
A. Trojan
B. RootKit
C. DoS tool
D. Scanner
E. Backdoor
Answer: B

55. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which definition among those given below best describes a covert channel?
A. A server program using a port that is not well known.
B. Making use of a protocol in a way it is not intended to be used.
C. It is the multiplexing taking place on a communication link.
D. It is one of the weak channels used by WEP which makes it insecure
Answer: B

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

56. - (Exam Topic 7)
Study the snort rule given below and interpret the rule. alert tcp any any --> 192.168.1.0/24 111
(content:"|00 01 86 a5|"; msG. "mountd access";)
A. An alert is generated when a TCP packet is generated from any IP on the 192.168.1.0 subnet and
destined to any IP on port 111
B. An alert is generated when any packet other than a TCP packet is seen on the network and destined for
the 192.168.1.0 subnet
C. An alert is generated when a TCP packet is originated from port 111 of any IP address to the
192.168.1.0 subnet
D. An alert is generated when a TCP packet originating from any IP address is seen on the network and
destined for any IP address on the 192.168.1.0 subnet on port 111
Answer: D

57. - (Exam Topic 7)
While scanning with Nmap, Patin found several hosts which have the IP ID of incremental sequences. He
then decided to conduct: nmap -Pn -p- -si kiosk.adobe.com www.riaa.com. kiosk.adobe.com is the host
with incremental IP ID sequence. What is the purpose of using "-si" with Nmap?
A. Conduct stealth scan
B. Conduct ICMP scan
C. Conduct IDLE scan
D. Conduct silent scan
Answer: A

58. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the proper response for a NULL scan if the port is open?
A. SYN
B. ACK
C. FIN
D. PSH
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

E. RST
F. No response
Answer: F

59. - (Exam Topic 7)
One of your team members has asked you to analyze the following SOA record. What is the version?
Rutgers.edu.SOA NS1.Rutgers.edu ipad.college.edu (200302028 3600 3600 604800 2400.) (Choose four.)
A. 200303028
B. 3600
C. 604800
D. 2400
E. 60
F. 4800
Answer: A

60. - (Exam Topic 7)
One of your team members has asked you to analyze the following SOA record.
What is the TTL? Rutgers.edu.SOA NS1.Rutgers.edu ipad.college.edu (200302028 3600 3600 604800
2400.)
A. 200303028
B. 3600
C. 604800
D. 2400
E. 60
F. 4800
Answer: D

61. - (Exam Topic 7)
This is an attack that takes advantage of a web site vulnerability in which the site displays content that
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

includes un-sanitized user-provided data.

What is this attack?
A. Cross-site-scripting attack
B. SQL Injection
C. URL Traversal attack
D. Buffer Overflow attack
Answer: A

62. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the purpose of DNS AAAA record?
A. Authorization, Authentication and Auditing record
B. Address prefix record
C. Address database record
D. IPv6 address resolution record
Answer: D

63. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following are well known password-cracking programs?
A. L0phtcrack
B. NetCat
C. Jack the Ripper
D. Netbus
E. John the Ripper
Answer: A E

64. - (Exam Topic 7)
How can you determine if an LM hash you extracted contains a password that is less than 8 characters
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

long?
A. There is no way to tell because a hash cannot be reversed
B. The right most portion of the hash is always the same
C. The hash always starts with AB923D
D. The left most portion of the hash is always the same
E. A portion of the hash will be all 0's
Answer: B

65. - (Exam Topic 7)
In this attack, a victim receives an e-mail claiming from PayPal stating that their account has been disabled
and confirmation is required before activation. The attackers then scam to collect not one but two credit
card numbers, ATM PIN number and other personal details. Ignorant users usually fall prey to this scam.
Which of the following statement is incorrect related to this attack?
A. Do not reply to email messages or popup ads asking for personal or financial information
B. Do not trust telephone numbers in e-mails or popup ads
C. Review credit card and bank account statements regularly
D. Antivirus, anti-spyware, and firewall software can very easily detect these type of attacks
E. Do not send credit card numbers, and personal or financial information via e-mail
Answer: D

66. - (Exam Topic 7)
Fred is the network administrator for his company. Fred is testing an internal switch.
From an external IP address, Fred wants to try and trick this switch into thinking it already has established a
session with his computer. How can Fred accomplish this?
A. Fred can accomplish this by sending an IP packet with the RST/SIN bit and the source address of his
computer.
B. He can send an IP packet with the SYN bit and the source address of his computer.
C. Fred can send an IP packet with the ACK bit set to zero and the source address of the switch.
D. Fred can send an IP packet to the switch with the ACK bit and the source address of his machine.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: D

67. - (Exam Topic 7)
When a normal TCP connection starts, a destination host receives a SYN (synchronize/start) packet from a
source host and sends back a SYN/ACK (synchronize acknowledge). The destination host must then hear
an ACK (acknowledge) of the SYN/ACK before the connection is established. This is referred to as the
"TCP three-way handshake." While waiting for the ACK to the SYN ACK, a connection queue of finite size
on the destination host keeps track of connections waiting to be completed. This queue typically empties
quickly since the ACK is expected to arrive a few milliseconds after the SYN ACK.
How would an attacker exploit this design by launching TCP SYN attack?
A. Attacker generates TCP SYN packets with random destination addresses towards a victim host
B. Attacker floods TCP SYN packets with random source addresses towards a victim host
C. Attacker generates TCP ACK packets with random source addresses towards a victim host
D. Attacker generates TCP RST packets with random source addresses towards a victim host
Answer: B

68. - (Exam Topic 7)
Password cracking programs reverse the hashing process to recover passwords. (True/False.)
A. True
B. False
Answer: B

69. - (Exam Topic 7)
Matthew, a black hat, has managed to open a meterpreter session to one of the kiosk machines in Evil
Corp’s lobby. He checks his current SID, which is S-1-5-21-1223352397-1872883824-861252104-501.
What needs to happen before Matthew has full administrator access?
A. He must perform privilege escalation.
B. He needs to disable antivirus protection.
C. He needs to gain physical access.
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. He already has admin privileges, as shown by the “501” at the end of the SID.
Answer: A

70. - (Exam Topic 7)
Eric has discovered a fantastic package of tools named Dsniff on the Internet. He has learnt to use these
tools in his lab and is now ready for real world exploitation. He was able to effectively intercept
communications between the two entities and establish credentials with both sides of the connections. The
two remote ends of the communication never notice that Eric is relaying the information between the two.
What would you call this attack?
A. Interceptor
B. Man-in-the-middle
C. ARP Proxy
D. Poisoning Attack
Answer: B

71. - (Exam Topic 7)
In the context of Windows Security, what is a 'null' user?
A. A user that has no skills
B. An account that has been suspended by the admin
C. A pseudo account that has no username and password
D. A pseudo account that was created for security administration purpose
Answer: C

72. - (Exam Topic 7)
ViruXine.W32 virus hides their presence by changing the underlying executable code.
This Virus code mutates while keeping the original algorithm intact, the code changes itself each time it
runs, but the function of the code (its semantics) will not change at all.

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Here is a section of the Virus code:

What is this technique called?
A. Polymorphic Virus
B. Metamorphic Virus
C. Dravidic Virus
D. Stealth Virus
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

73. - (Exam Topic 7)
A zone file consists of which of the following Resource Records (RRs)?
A. DNS, NS, AXFR, and MX records
B. DNS, NS, PTR, and MX records
C. SOA, NS, AXFR, and MX records
D. SOA, NS, A, and MX records
Answer: D

74. - (Exam Topic 7)
During an Xmas scan what indicates a port is closed?
A. No return response
B. RST
C. ACK
D. SYN
Answer: B

75. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which command can be used to show the current TCP/IP connections?
A. Netsh
B. Netstat
C. Net use connection
D. Net use
Answer: A

76. - (Exam Topic 7)
Bob is acknowledged as a hacker of repute and is popular among visitors of "underground" sites.
Bob is willing to share his knowledge with those who are willing to learn, and many have expressed their
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

interest in learning from him. However, this knowledge has a risk associated with it, as it can be used for
malevolent attacks as well.
In this context, what would be the most effective method to bridge the knowledge gap between the "black"
hats or crackers and the "white" hats or computer security professionals? (Choose the test answer.)
A. Educate everyone with books, articles and training on risk analysis, vulnerabilities and safeguards.
B. Hire more computer security monitoring personnel to monitor computer systems and networks.
C. Make obtaining either a computer security certification or accreditation easier to achieve so more
individuals feel that they are a part of something larger than life.
D. Train more National Guard and reservist in the art of computer security to help out in times of emergency
or crises.
Answer: A

77. - (Exam Topic 7)
You are trying to break into a highly classified top-secret mainframe computer with highest security system
in place at Merclyn Barley Bank located in Los Angeles.
You know that conventional hacking doesn't work in this case, because organizations such as banks are
generally tight and secure when it comes to protecting their systems.
In other words, you are trying to penetrate an otherwise impenetrable system. How would you proceed?
A. Look for "zero-day" exploits at various underground hacker websites in Russia and China and buy the
necessary exploits from these hackers and target the bank's network
B. Try to hang around the local pubs or restaurants near the bank, get talking to a poorly-paid or disgruntled
employee, and offer them money if they'll abuse their access privileges by providing you with sensitive
information
C. Launch DDOS attacks against Merclyn Barley Bank's routers and firewall systems using 100, 000 or
more "zombies" and "bots"
D. Try to conduct Man-in-the-Middle (MiTM) attack and divert the network traffic going to the Merclyn Barley
Bank's Webserver to that of your machine using DNS Cache Poisoning techniques
Answer: B

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

78. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the algorithm used by LM for Windows2000 SAM?
A. MD4
B. DES
C. SHA
D. SSL
Answer: B

79. - (Exam Topic 7)

Identify the correct terminology that defines the above statement.
A. Vulnerability Scanning
B. Penetration Testing
C. Security Policy Implementation
D. Designing Network Security
Answer: B

80. - (Exam Topic 7)
How does a denial-of-service attack work?
A. A hacker prevents a legitimate user (or group of users) from accessing a service
B. A hacker uses every character, word, or letter he or she can think of to defeat authentication
C. A hacker tries to decipher a password by using a system, which subsequently crashes the network
D. A hacker attempts to imitate a legitimate user by confusing a computer or even another person
Answer: A

81. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which utility will tell you in real time which ports are listening or in another state?
A. Netstat
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

B. TCPView
C. Nmap
D. Loki
Answer: B

82. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following represents the initial two commands that an IRC client sends to join an IRC network?
A. USER, NICK
B. LOGIN, NICK
C. USER, PASS
D. LOGIN, USER
Answer: A

83. - (Exam Topic 7)
A user on your Windows 2000 network has discovered that he can use L0phtcrack to sniff the SMB
exchanges which carry user logons. The user is plugged into a hub with 23 other systems.
However, he is unable to capture any logons though he knows that other users are logging in. What do you
think is the most likely reason behind this?
A. There is a NIDS present on that segment.
B. Kerberos is preventing it.
C. Windows logons cannot be sniffed.
D. L0phtcrack only sniffs logons to web servers.
Answer: B

84. - (Exam Topic 7)
You have retrieved the raw hash values from a Windows 2000 Domain Controller. Using social engineering,
you come to know that they are enforcing strong passwords. You understand that all users are required to
use passwords that are at least 8 characters in length. All passwords must also use 3 of the 4 following
categories: lower case letters, capital letters, numbers and special characters. With your existing
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

knowledge of users, likely user account names and the possibility that they will choose the easiest
passwords possible, what would be the fastest type of password cracking attack you can run against these
hash values and still get results?
A. Online Attack
B. Dictionary Attack
C. Brute Force Attack
D. Hybrid Attack
Answer: D

85. - (Exam Topic 7)
As a securing consultant, what are some of the things you would recommend to a company to ensure DNS
security?
A. Use the same machines for DNS and other applications
B. Harden DNS servers
C. Use split-horizon operation for DNS servers
D. Restrict Zone transfers
E. Have subnet diversity between DNS servers
Answer: B C D E

86. - (Exam Topic 7)
Every company needs a formal written document which spells out to employees precisely what they are
allowed to use the company's systems for, what is prohibited, and what will happen to them if they break
the rules. Two printed copies of the policy should be given to every employee as soon as possible after they
join the organization. The employee should be asked to sign one copy, which should be safely filed by the
company. No one should be allowed to use the company's computer systems until they have signed the
policy in acceptance of its terms.
What is this document called?
A. Information Audit Policy (IAP)
B. Information Security Policy (ISP)
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Penetration Testing Policy (PTP)
D. Company Compliance Policy (CCP)
Answer: B

87. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the following command used for? net use \targetipc$ "" /u:""
A. Grabbing the etc/passwd file
B. Grabbing the SAM
C. Connecting to a Linux computer through Samba.
D. This command is used to connect as a null session
E. Enumeration of Cisco routers
Answer: D

88. - (Exam Topic 7)
A network admin contacts you. He is concerned that ARP spoofing or poisoning might occur on his network.
What are some things he can do to prevent it? Select the best answers.
A. Use port security on his switches.
B. Use a tool like ARPwatch to monitor for strange ARP activity.
C. Use a firewall between all LAN segments.
D. If you have a small network, use static ARP entries.
E. Use only static IP addresses on all PC's.
Answer: A B D

89. - (Exam Topic 7)
Jim’s company regularly performs backups of their critical servers. But the company can’t afford to send
backup tapes to an off-site vendor for long term storage and archiving. Instead Jim’s company keeps the
backup tapes in a safe in the office. Jim’s company is audited each year, and the results from this year’s
audit show a risk because backup tapes aren’t stored off-site. The Manager of Information Technology has
a plan to take the backup tapes home with him and wants to know what two things he can do to secure the
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

backup tapes while in transit?
A. Encrypt the backup tapes and use a courier to transport them.
B. Encrypt the backup tapes and transport them in a lock box
C. Degauss the backup tapes and transport them in a lock box.
D. Hash the backup tapes and transport them in a lock box.
Answer: B

90. - (Exam Topic 7)
Peter is surfing the internet looking for information about DX Company. Which hacking process is Peter
doing?
A. Scanning
B. System Hacking
C. Footprinting
D. Enumeration
Answer: C

91. - (Exam Topic 7)
Yancey is a network security administrator for a large electric company. This company provides power for
over 100, 000 people in Las Vegas. Yancey has worked for his company for over 15 years and has become
very successful. One day, Yancey comes in to work and finds out that the company will be downsizing and
he will be out of a job in two weeks. Yancey is very angry and decides to place logic bombs, viruses,
Trojans, and backdoors all over the network to take down the company once he has left. Yancey does not
care if his actions land him in jail for 30 or more years, he just wants the company to pay for what they are
doing to him.
What would Yancey be considered?
A. Yancey would be considered a Suicide Hacker
B. Since he does not care about going to jail, he would be considered a Black Hat
C. Because Yancey works for the company currently; he would be a White Hat
D. Yancey is a Hacktivist Hacker since he is standing up to a company that is downsizing
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

Answer: A

92. - (Exam Topic 7)
What kind of detection techniques is being used in antivirus softwares that identifies malware by collecting
data from multiple protected systems and instead of analyzing files locally it's made on the premiers
environment
A. VCloud based
B. Honypot based
C. Behaviour based
D. Heuristics based
Answer: A

93. - (Exam Topic 7)
Which of the following tools can be used to perform a zone transfer?
A. NSLookup
B. Finger
C. Dig
D. Sam Spade
E. Host
F. Netcat
G. Neotrace
Answer: A C D E

94. - (Exam Topic 7)
Bob is doing a password assessment for one of his clients. Bob suspects that security policies are not in
place. He also suspects that weak passwords are probably the norm throughout the company he is
evaluating. Bob is familiar with password weaknesses and key loggers.
Which of the following options best represents the means that Bob can adopt to retrieve passwords from his
clients hosts and servers?
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. Hardware, Software, and Sniffing.
B. Hardware and Software Keyloggers.
C. Passwords are always best obtained using Hardware key loggers.
D. Software only, they are the most effective.
Answer: A

95. - (Exam Topic 7)
Take a look at the following attack on a Web Server using obstructed URL:

How would you protect from these attacks?
A. Configure the Web Server to deny requests involving "hex encoded" characters
B. Create rules in IDS to alert on strange Unicode requests
C. Use SSL authentication on Web Servers
D. Enable Active Scripts Detection at the firewall and routers
Answer: B

96. - (Exam Topic 7)
If a token and 4-digit personal identification number (PIN) are used to access a computer system and the
token performs off-line checking for the correct PIN, what type of attack is possible?
A. Birthday
B. Brute force
C. Man-in-the-middle
D. Smurf
Answer: B

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

97. - (Exam Topic 7)
You work for Acme Corporation as Sales Manager. The company has tight network security restrictions.
You are trying to steal data from the company's Sales database (Sales.xls) and transfer them to your home
computer. Your company filters and monitors traffic that leaves from the internal network to the Internet.
How will you achieve this without raising suspicion?
A. Encrypt the Sales.xls using PGP and e-mail it to your personal gmail account
B. Package the Sales.xls using Trojan wrappers and telnet them back your home computer
C. You can conceal the Sales.xls database in another file like photo.jpg or other files and send it out in an
innocent looking email or file transfer using Steganography techniques
D. Change the extension of Sales.xls to sales.txt and upload them as attachment to your hotmail account
Answer: C

98. - (Exam Topic 7)
You have successfully logged on a Linux system. You want to now cover your trade Your login attempt may
be logged on several files located in /var/log. Which file does NOT belongs to the list:
A. user.log
B. auth.fesg
C. wtmp
D. btmp
Answer: C

99. - (Exam Topic 7)
Study the snort rule given below:

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

From the options below, choose the exploit against which this rule applies.
A. WebDav
B. SQL Slammer
C. MS Blaster
D. MyDoom
Answer: C

100. - (Exam Topic 7)
John is an incident handler at a financial institution. His steps in a recent incident are not up to the
standards of the company. John frequently forgets some steps and procedures while handling responses
as they are very stressful to perform. Which of the following actions should John take to overcome this
problem with the least administrative effort?
A. Create an incident checklist.
B. Select someone else to check the procedures.
C. Increase his technical skills.
D. Read the incident manual every time it occurs.
Answer: C

101. - (Exam Topic 7)
What do Trinoo, TFN2k, WinTrinoo, T-Sight, and Stracheldraht have in common?

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

A. All are hacking tools developed by the legion of doom
B. All are tools that can be used not only by hackers, but also security personnel
C. All are DDOS tools
D. All are tools that are only effective against Windows
E. All are tools that are only effective against Linux
Answer: C

102. - (Exam Topic 7)
This kind of password cracking method uses word lists in combination with numbers and special
characters:
A. Hybrid
B. Linear
C. Symmetric
D. Brute Force
Answer: A

103. - (Exam Topic 7)
E- mail scams and mail fraud are regulated by which of the following?
A. 18 U.S.C. par. 1030 Fraud and Related activity in connection with Computers
B. 18 U.S.C. par. 1029 Fraud and Related activity in connection with Access Devices
C. 18 U.S.C. par. 1362 Communication Lines, Stations, or Systems
D. 18 U.S.C. par. 2510 Wire and Electronic Communications Interception and Interception of Oral
Communication
Answer: A

104. - (Exam Topic 7)
Under what conditions does a secondary name server request a zone transfer from a primary name server?
A. When a primary SOA is higher that a secondary SOA
B. When a secondary SOA is higher that a primary SOA
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. When a primary name server has had its service restarted
D. When a secondary name server has had its service restarted
E. When the TTL falls to zero
Answer: A

105. - (Exam Topic 7)
Peter extracts the SIDs list from Windows 2000 Server machine using the hacking tool "SIDExtractor". Here
is the output of the SIDs:

From the above list identify the user account with System Administrator privileges.
A. John
B. Rebecca
C. Sheela
D. Shawn
E. Somia
F. Chang
G. Micah
Answer: F

106. - (Exam Topic 7)
The tools which receive event logs from servers, network equipment, and applications, and perform
analysis
and correlation on those logs, and can generate alarms for security relevant issues, are known as what?
A. network Sniffer
B. Vulnerability Scanner

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

C. Intrusion prevention Server
D. Security incident and event Monitoring
Answer: D

107. - (Exam Topic 7)
Let's imagine three companies (A, B and C), all competing in a challenging global environment. Company A
and B are working together in developing a product that will generate a major competitive advantage for
them. Company A has a secure DNS server while company B has a DNS server vulnerable to spoofing.
With a spoofing attack on the DNS server of company B, company C gains access to outgoing e-mails from
company
B. How do you prevent DNS spoofing?
A. Install DNS logger and track vulnerable packets
B. Disable DNS timeouts
C. Install DNS Anti-spoofing
D. Disable DNS Zone Transfer
Answer: C

108. - (Exam Topic 7)
Switches maintain a CAM Table that maps individual MAC addresses on the network to physical ports on
the switch.

In MAC flooding attack, a switch is fed with many Ethernet frames, each containing different source MAC
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

addresses, by the attacker. Switches have a limited memory for mapping various MAC addresses to
physical ports. What happens when the CAM table becomes full?
A. Switch then acts as hub by broadcasting packets to all machines on the network
B. The CAM overflow table will cause the switch to crash causing Denial of Service
C. The switch replaces outgoing frame switch factory default MAC address of FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF
D. Every packet is dropped and the switch sends out SNMP alerts to the IDS port
Answer: A

109. - (Exam Topic 7)
What tool can crack Windows SMB passwords simply by listening to network traffic?
A. This is not possible
B. Netbus
C. NTFSDOS
D. L0phtcrack
Answer: D

110. - (Exam Topic 7)
Tess King is using the nslookup command to craft queries to list all DNS information (such as Name
Servers, host names, MX records, CNAME records, glue records (delegation for child Domains), zone
serial number, TimeToLive (TTL) records, etc) for a Domain.
What do you think Tess King is trying to accomplish? Select the best answer.
A. A zone harvesting
B. A zone transfer
C. A zone update
D. A zone estimate
Answer: B

111. - (Exam Topic 7)
Tremp is an IT Security Manager, and he is planning to deploy an IDS in his small company. He is looking
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

for an IDS with the following characteristics: - Verifies success or failure of an attack - Monitors system
activities Detects attacks that a network-based IDS fails to detect - Near real-time detection and response Does not require additional hardware - Lower entry cost Which type of IDS is best suited for Tremp's
requirements?
A. Gateway-based IDS
B. Network-based IDS
C. Host-based IDS
D. Open source-based
Answer: C

112. - (Exam Topic 7)
You receive an e-mail like the one shown below. When you click on the link contained in the mail, you are
redirected to a website seeking you to download free Anti-Virus software.
Dear valued customers,
We are pleased to announce the newest version of Antivirus 2010 for Windows which will probe you with
total security against the latest spyware, malware, viruses, Trojans and other online threats. Simply visit the
link below and enter your antivirus code:

or you may contact us at the following address: Media Internet Consultants, Edif. Neptuno, Planta
Baja, Ave. Ricardo J. Alfaro, Tumba Muerto, n/a Panama
How will you determine if this is Real Anti-Virus or Fake Anti-Virus website?
A. Look at the website design, if it looks professional then it is a Real Anti-Virus website
B. Connect to the site using SSL, if you are successful then the website is genuine
C. Search using the URL and Anti-Virus product name into Google and lookout for suspicious warnings
against this site

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

D. Download and install Anti-Virus software from this suspicious looking site, your Windows 7 will prompt
you and stop the installation if the downloaded file is a malware
E. Download and install Anti-Virus software from this suspicious looking site, your Windows 7 will prompt
you and stop the installation if the downloaded file is a malware
Answer: C

113. - (Exam Topic 7)
While examining audit logs, you discover that people are able to telnet into the SMTP server on port 25.
You would like to block this, though you do not see any evidence of an attack or other wrong doing.
However, you are concerned about affecting the normal functionality of the email server. From the following
options choose how best you can achieve this objective?
A. Block port 25 at the firewall.
B. Shut off the SMTP service on the server.
C. Force all connections to use a username and password.
D. Switch from Windows Exchange to UNIX Sendmail.
E. None of the above.
Answer: E

114. - (Exam Topic 7)
You went to great lengths to install all the necessary technologies to prevent hacking attacks, such as
expensive firewalls, antivirus software, anti-spam systems and intrusion detection/prevention tools in your
company's network. You have configured the most secure policies and tightened every device on your
network. You are confident that hackers will never be able to gain access to your network with complex
security system in place.
Your peer, Peter Smith who works at the same department disagrees with you.
He says even the best network security technologies cannot prevent hackers gaining access to the network
because of presence of "weakest link" in the security chain.
What is Peter Smith talking about?
A. Untrained staff or ignorant computer users who inadvertently become the weakest link in your security
Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

chain
B. "zero-day" exploits are the weakest link in the security chain since the IDS will not be able to detect these
attacks
C. "Polymorphic viruses" are the weakest link in the security chain since the Anti-Virus scanners will not be
able to detect these attacks
D. Continuous Spam e-mails cannot be blocked by your security system since spammers use different
techniques to bypass the filters in your gateway
Answer: A

115. - (Exam Topic 7)
What is the proper response for a NULL scan if the port is closed?
A. SYN
B. ACK
C. FIN
D. PSH
E. RST
F. No response
Answer: E

116. - (Exam Topic 7)
Windows LAN Manager (LM) hashes are known to be weak.
Which of the following are known weaknesses of LM? (Choose three.)
A. Converts passwords to uppercase.
B. Hashes are sent in clear text over the network.
C. Makes use of only 32-bit encryption.
D. Effective length is 7 characters.
Answer: A B D

Lead to pass your exam quickly and easily. First Test, First Pass!

- visit - http://www.certleader.com

